Peerless-DailySync
Thu, Apr 16, 2026

0:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:50 - Venkat B
out with this computer is set up or trying to access the GCP before Ashley joins.

1:09 - Unidentified Speaker
in the streets.

1:38 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Hey, Jeff, I had some issue with my speaker.

1:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Say that again?

1:47 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
I was having some issues with my speaker, so I have to rejoin a couple of times.

1:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, no worries.

1:58 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
So I think we are waiting for Ashley and Brian, right?

2:01 - Jeff Kelly
Yeah, let me just ping them real quick and see if we're they're at.

2:21 - Venkat B
Good morning.

2:22 - Ashley Salerno
Good morning, Ashley.

2:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Ashley.

2:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Good morning.

2:31 - Ashley Salerno
Did you ever get the rest of the information from Brian that you were able to work through for computer use for the API pool?

2:40 - Unidentified Speaker
No, not yet, actually. No.

2:42 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

2:45 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Also, actually, we didn't get yesterday's transcript, if you can send it.

2:50 - Ashley Salerno
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought I sent it to the Datascape. Did I not?

2:57 - Venkat B
Oh, yeah. I got it. I got it to the Datascape.

2:59 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Oh, OK.

3:00 - Ashley Salerno
I was like, wait, I thought I did it. I'm sorry.

3:03 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No, no, no. Sorry. It's my mistake. I got it.

3:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Good.

3:13 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
We had a few questions on the computer. He's on the GCP. But like, I don't know if Brian is going to join. If not, we can continue with our remaining business process, Ashley, and we can Next break, one second.

3:59 - Ashley Salerno
Okay, so I asked Brian to see if he could jump on. So hopefully he will get my message. I don't recall if he said he had a time conflict for today. While we wait, what other questions did you have that I can help you talk or talk through with you. Can you hear me?

4:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah.

4:46 - Ashley Salerno
Oh, OK. Sorry. I wasn't sure. I was like, uh-oh. Did I make a mistake?

4:51 - Venkat B
Raghuram, we would need this HT portal link where Ashley logins, right?

5:07 - Ashley Salerno
Yes, I'm working on the login. I haven't gotten a response. I'm following up again for the login to be created. I followed up last night. And I do not have an update as of yet. I haven't gotten a response. So I'm gonna follow up again this morning. I mean, what I can do just for the time being, I could probably just give you guys my login. Um for now and then just change my password after we get you guys a login. Okay just show me at least for for time's sake um not something that I'm supposed to do so I did not do that.

6:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Marius will be giving the login right?

6:07 - Venkat B
Yeah unless Marius is able to share that the IT login that they have but I don't believe that they can.

6:13 - Venkat B
Actually, actually, Marius has shared one login details. He shared like username and password.

6:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, beautiful. Let me ask. Use that.

6:22 - Venkat B
But I would need the host. I mean, the URL website URL. I couldn't able to log in, which is available on the website. I mean, normal website. It was feeling like user is not available as similar kind of an error. User ID is not a valid user ID.

6:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you share the URL?

6:42 - Venkat B
Let me try.

6:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Which URL are you using? What does it say when you go to pop in?

6:50 - Ashley Salerno
No, it's directly the website from home.

6:56 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No, I think that's not right URL. Let's get the URL from Ashley. Correct.

7:04 - Venkat B
That's why I was asking, which one do you have? Start with like THD?

7:12 - Ashley Salerno
when you share it here.

7:31 - Unidentified Speaker
There's a picture, but that's not.

8:22 - Unidentified Speaker
You, you can share the URL in the same chat, Ashley.

9:00 - Ashley Salerno
Yes, I'm working on it. 1 second. I'm I apologize. I also thought you were working on showing me the link that you had. So I could tell you if that was a correct 1 or not.

9:25 - Venkat B
Hey, hi, Brent. Hey, hi, Brent. Good morning.

9:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Good morning. How's everyone doing?

9:38 - Venkat B
Good, Brent.

9:42 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Sorry, I'm running late. My other meeting just ended.

9:44 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No issues. Brent, any update from Jean on the computer access for us, the sandbox access?

9:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Let me see if she sent me an email.

9:54 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Okay.

10:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Jeff, if you're at 200, you might be able to get that this morning.

10:06 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Jean is out of the office today, just FYI. Yeah, I don't see anything from Jean via email, but I think she did verbally communicate to you yesterday, Ashley, that she was going to do it last night.

10:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Last night, yes. She did state that she would. I don't know for sure.

10:23 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
What was needed? They needed me in the sandbox to have more permissions, right? Yes. Yeah. So I can log in and check to see if the permissions are there. Yeah, Brian, I think you have everything except ability to delete something. Okay, let me take a look here. Bear with me a moment while I log in. Share my screen here too. Okay, so we want going to do practice three. All right. I'm going to come over here and get my credentials. I think I remember it, actually. Okay. So I am in the environment. I've got to switch to another one. This is brutal. Okay. So we go configure. No, I don't see it here. Were you able to do your pull request from the other production API?

11:54 - Unidentified Speaker
What is it, Brent? I didn't get you.

11:56 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Were you able to do your pull requests from the production API?

12:01 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
We tried to connect to the production API, Brent, but we are getting some error there. So we wanted to check a few things on GCP and as well as in the computer's API configuration. OK.

12:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Let me bring GCP up a little.

12:18 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
So one question I had, Brent, for GCP, different VM for sandbox and production or is it just one VM?

12:25 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
One VM.

12:26 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Okay.

12:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Let me bring GCP over here. A little bit. It's early. I'm tired. Okay. Oops. Okay, what do you wanna look at?

13:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Can we check once the external IP?

13:08 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
We'll put it in the chat for you.

13:10 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Okay, are we using the same external IP? Bharat?

13:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Are you asking me a question about the external IP?

13:21 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No, no, no. I'm asking Bharat. Bharat, you there? Oh, OK. Hey, Bharat, you're on mute.

13:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Sir, sir, I was talking on mute. Yeah, we were using the same IP, Raghuram.

13:41 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
OK. So if we are using the same IP, I think we have to check the if any firewall rules are there.

13:50 - Venkat B
No, at the firewall level, we actually configure it to accept the 443. But before that, we have to check at the external IP level as well. Can you click on the external IP brand once just to see whether it's an non-static.

14:21 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't know how to tell if it's static or not.

14:25 - Venkat B
I'm just typing this. Let's show the screen once. I'm just typing one word. Just search for that word in the screen.

14:45 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm pretty sure it is static, but it wouldn't matter right now. This, whether it's dynamic or not. I mean, there's documentation and marketplace results. I don't have anything that says thank you all. Oh, here we go. They're all static. Oh, yeah. So, so you're looking for the internal ephemeral IP?

15:52 - Venkat B
Yeah, it shows an ephemeral. No, the specific IP, which we are seeing right now is the 135.226.22218. Yeah, it's a static one. Yeah. So we have to give me a minute. Let me see. Should we be changing it was it says it should be an emperor no anything should be fine is what it does mention then static also should be fine okay yeah so Go to VPC network and then the firewall. Click on the firewall rules.

16:44 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Firewall rules are down here. You want me to create a firewall rule? Is that what you want me to do?

16:55 - Venkat B
No, no, no. I'm just trying to see. Yeah, can you create one? Mention as it as a mule soft. Mule soft direction ingress. Yeah, direction is ingress. Target, you can select a specific instance, whichever the instance is. I think select instance to have in the sense we select that specific IP address.

17:37 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
I can select target tags or I can select service account. That's all my choices, or I could do all instances in the network. My guess is I'll tag things correctly, but let me just see. Yeah, it's not auto populating anything there. I'll all instances. Okay.

18:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Let's not put any source filter.

18:11 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
That's not really a good practice.

18:14 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Like once we deployed a brand, then we can filter it out on based on MuleSoft tenant IP. Okay. Just for testing, if we can keep it open. Okay.

18:30 - Unidentified Speaker
All right. What protocol?

18:35 - Unidentified Speaker
We have to click on the protocol as well, right?

18:40 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
TCP. Yeah.

18:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, for four, four, three, four, four, three.

18:46 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
And also do we need a 80 80 butter?

18:51 - Venkat B
8082, 8082 right Raghuram? Oh yeah, 8082. 8081, 8081 right? Sorry, I forgot.

18:55 - Unidentified Speaker
8081, not 8082.

18:56 - Venkat B
For CloudApp 2.0, they have removed 8082, right? Yeah, okay. Okay, this is secure.

19:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

19:39 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
Brent, can you go to once a production computer is we want to see like where the on which port computer is listening.

19:51 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
All you have to do is tell that to the IP and then, or and it'll tell you if it's listening.

19:59 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, you can just do a like a go to SSH on GCP and you can do next stat also with the come.

20:06 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Let's see IP here, 3522218. I don't have Telnet on this computer. I hate that they don't give that to you by default anymore. Bear with me a minute. Hold on. I have to run PowerShell to install. All this.

21:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

21:06 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
35.222.218.224. And then what is the port here? What was that one? Can I open 443?

21:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

21:42 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Can I open 8081? Can I open 443? Somewhere. My guess is it's at the host. Because, you know, we created a firewall rule. So, for some reason, the host is not listening on that port. I don't know why it wouldn't be listening on 443, though. It's a commonly used port. Unless we need to maybe we need to enable egress as well because it can't respond.

22:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Currently, ingress is only enabled.

22:34 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
It's already enabled?

22:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Ingress only we have enabled.

22:40 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so if we've enabled ingress, then we need to enable egress so that it can respond. Okay.

22:45 - Unidentified Speaker
It's being blocked outbound, right?

22:48 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, could be. All right, let me try that. Gotta love when I click on that and nothing happens. A little soft, too. Okay. Oh, it doesn't like the capital letter for some reason. Okay, network default. Priority, egress. Allow all instances, course filtering, specified protocols, TCP, 443 and 8081. Okay, so let's try again. Nope, still doesn't like it. That's usually like an instant response. Well, we can check to make sure it's on the default network and not on some other network. Why is this so slow? It's on the default network. Are you in the office, Ashley?

25:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I'm here.

25:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you? You don't want to tell them that either. Never mind.

25:37 - Unidentified Speaker
I was going to say I'm short. So if I need to do anything of what Clayton was doing in that office. I can't.

25:47 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
I'm just wondering if they only have it pegged to allow connectivity from that office somehow, but we literally went in and allowed that. So.

25:59 - Ashley Salerno
Are they not able? So I apologize. I have no idea what we're doing right now. I'm just a lovely silent participant that's trying to understand from what I believe we're doing. We're trying to let them in.

26:12 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
We're trying to poke a hole in the firewall that allows them to connect to this IP address. Because without that, they can't use their API for computer use.

26:23 - Ashley Salerno
Oh, weird. I thought you said you could log in from anywhere yesterday.

26:25 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
It looked like you could. That's what I'm saying. I think the problem is on the computer itself. Okay. It's not on the network. Because yeah, remember the rules that we were looking at?

26:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

26:37 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Um, ingress and egress source There's another one. It was like allow all, here we go. Uh, no, let's see. Yeah, ingress IP4 allow all. Right here. Default allow all. This is allowing all traffic from anywhere. They're allowing SSH and RDP from anywhere. Can you try to RDP to that server, guys? I guess I can try. Hold on. I think they're on mute.

27:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, they are. But I, again, I figured that they could because of what talked about yesterday, but I know nothing about this stuff. So don't let me, don't let me persuade you to think I do.

27:20 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yes, I can already pee to it. I can already pee.

27:28 - Ashley Salerno
Brian, can we go to the SSH browser for this VM and see if anything is listening on 443? Because if there is no service listening on 443, your telnet might not work.

27:41 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
That's what I was thinking. How do we do it via SSH? I don't usually do it that way. Is that up here?

27:48 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
There will be some option, like on your VM instance, there will be something called SSH. We will open the SSH browser.

27:55 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Oh, my gosh. Why is there some connectivity? OK. So SSH to... IP. Thinking hard. Ashley, do you ever connect directly via RDP to the server?

29:01 - Venkat B
You're asking us, Brent?

29:03 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm asking Ashley. So I am so sorry. Again, I am illiterate. What does that mean?

29:10 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Oh, RDP is, let me show you. When you click this guy down here, and then this comes up on your screen.

29:19 - Ashley Salerno
No, no, no. I used to. I don't anymore. Or I used to, I can try to see if it's still, if it'll let me open it, hold on.

29:26 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, because if it is then, because I don't have a username, I don't know what the username is, I can try. It looks like I may have connected with TriVS before, but let me see. No, let me see here, hold on.

29:44 - Ashley Salerno
35.222.218. I've never gone through this way, I've only gone through Cameo. I have in the past went that way, but they took my, they took me from it. So.

29:55 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Oh, I have, hold on. I think I might have credentials right here. Let me see if this works. There we go. Now I'm already peeing to this machine. Okay. This is what we needed. This is big.

30:16 - Ashley Salerno
I'm sorry. I wish I could have helped you more. I'm like, I have no idea.

30:20 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
I figured it out. It's okay. All right, guys. Uh, what is the command here in Windows Net? NetSH or something? To determine what it's listening on? Sorry, you guys are breaking up. Can you just paste the command in Bharat, can you please paste a comment? I can look it up, too.

30:53 - Venkat B
Yeah, just give me a minute. It's on my mobile. I'm just typing it out.

31:06 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
I found it. Listening. Okay. Here are all the ports we're listening on. We're not listening on 443. We're listening on 445. Which is terrible. But that's how I'm in. Yeah, so we're not listening on either of those ports that you guys mentioned.

31:53 - Unidentified Speaker
But Rahul, that is okay to that. I mean, it's okay for us to pick up.

32:01 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
8081 not required. That is our portrait.

32:04 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no, I'm not talking about 8081. We can pick up any of these ports on which it is listening, right? Is what I'm asking.

32:11 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
But like, we want to know where computer is listening, right, for APIs. That is important. So that is the port you will be using in your URL. Can we just do a next stat once? Just do a next stat command we'll see if anything coming up with the computer is or something. Okay.

32:40 - Venkat B
Hold on one second.

32:45 - Venkat B
But just now we have enabled 443 for this, right? So...

32:49 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
You have just enabled the firewall rule, Bharath. There is no service listening on 443. If there is some service listening on 443, then the firewall rule will allow the service to be invoked.

33:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

33:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. I thought I saw a computer.

33:05 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Hold on. Oh, man. An 55195 established port. 445.

33:22 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Why there are so many...

33:24 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Let's cameo there. 445. These are cameo connections. This is me, the RDP session. There's a lot of people already paying to this right now. That's probably not a good thing, because that's wide open.

33:41 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Can we grip on compute and see, filter out only compute?

33:55 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, well, then we'll get all these if I grab computer. Plus, I don't think grapple will work in Windows. That's a Linux command. I don't know. Do you guys want me to just give you the credentials to this and you can go in and troubleshoot it?

34:13 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, if you can give us. I don't want the full access brand only to like a kind of admin. I don't need a super access just like to run the commands. Dev access is fine for GCP.

34:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

34:32 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
So here's, I'm sending you a PrivNote with the credentials so you can RDP to the server. Just click on that to get the credentials to RDP. And then let me log out. Oh, if you log in, and it will kick me out probably, but let me log out. Okay, let me see if you have to go to IAM.

35:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Raku, you have taken up the details because I clicked I think if I make you an editor, that'll give you enough. Okay. So this is, yeah.

35:39 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
And then we'll make you an editor. Yeah, that should give you pretty good access against, it's not full admin, but it's enough to make changes to VPNs and, or not VPNs, to networks and things like that. Wonder who squeeze bite is. I'll have to look into this. Might as well add my cell phone here.

37:18 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
So Brian, I have one question. So once we get access to computer is right, once a gene gives us the access. So how we should access the computer is the same way like through Cameo, what you're doing or like, is it any different way we have to do it?

37:35 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
I think through Cameo is the best way. Okay. Yeah. I wouldn't do it through RDP because I don't know what guardrails are in place in Cameo or an RDP. So I would use Cameo for computer use. Unless you need to like RDP to the server to like go in and open something up on the Windows firewall, you know, of the server.

38:01 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
So how Cameo will be enabled for us, Brian? Like, is there any URL where we can go to Cameo?

38:09 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, let me get it here. Here. I'll throw it in the chat for you. And then let me, I think I added you guys. Data ski, yeah. Oh, you're a Cameo admin. You should be able to do everything you need to do in Cameo.

38:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Brian, can you do me a favor while you're in there?

38:46 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
You want to be an admin?

38:49 - Ashley Salerno
I mean, I don't need to be, but I was wondering if you could ask. Thanks. I was wondering if you could add Stephanie to the computer. He's not accounting, Stephanie Rice. I'm trying to have her help me out a little bit, and she doesn't have access. I asked N2 to do it. Thank you so much.

39:13 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
You're welcome.

39:14 - Ashley Salerno
Super helpful. Yep.

39:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Right. I quickly share my screen. I was able to log into Cameo. You can see my screen, right?

39:30 - Ashley Salerno
You can, yes.

39:32 - Venkat B
So I see like there is one computer is testing, computer is some non something, and computer is accounting.

39:40 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Yeah, you want to go into computer reason on. Yeah, I think you just hit play there and it logs you in.

40:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

40:09 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
So once we get it, like we will be using our user ID password here.

40:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

40:14 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
And I would rather you use your own, um, just because it's an accounting system. And I, you know, I trust you guys, obviously we're giving you pretty good access to our systems, but for logging purposes, you know, it's really not a good practice. If I share my credentials with you here. Yeah, sure.

40:33 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
I just, that's something that I've always been a stickler Yeah, also we need only for like a sandbox computer is we don't want for production yet. So if you can tell Gene only to give for sandbox. Okay. I don't know what was the company code. I think it's P3, right? Company code.

40:53 - Unidentified Speaker
P3.

40:53 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
If you hit the little magnifying glass to the right, it'll give you your options. And then you click on the practice tab at the bottom and you click on three. And then hit OK, and then you put in your credentials at that time.

41:08 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

41:09 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, then we will wait for Jean's email, and we will log into this and see if we can figure it out here.

41:16 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
OK, cool. So Jean's out today. Do you know if she's going to be in tomorrow, Ashley? Or is she like on vacation?

41:23 - Unidentified Speaker
I didn't even know she was out today or yesterday, so I can't answer that.

41:27 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
And you told me that they do not have access to computer ease. Is there anyone on the accounting team that might have admin access to computers?

41:36 - Unidentified Speaker
The only person that does is Jean, but Laura has more access than all of us except for Jean. So Laura might be able to help us out.

41:45 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Yeah, it's not a good practice to only have one admin, obviously for situations like this.

41:51 - Ashley Salerno
I agree with you, but I won't argue with Jean. All right, well, I'll take that on. All right.

42:01 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
discussion with Kirk and we'll get an admin as an admin that way there's like a backup for Gene because there really should be more than one full admin on any system.

42:13 - Ashley Salerno
As long as you didn't say it came from me because it didn't, we're good.

42:18 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
No, no. I would never throw you anything like that.

42:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Beautiful.

42:24 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 2
So Brian has the next steps: like we will debug the GCP through our RDP, and once we get access from Gene we will debug the computer. He's also, if we might need some help, then we will include Marius for the GCP part because he's the one who is managing it. Right. So we will set up a call with him.

42:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

42:43 - Ashley Salerno
We have him for another 15 days.

42:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

42:46 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah.

42:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

42:48 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
I think, uh, by next early next week, I think we should be able to figure out all the access connectivity and extracting data. So we should be good after that.

42:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome. All right. Are we good then? Do you guys need me for anything else?

43:03 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
We are good with you, Brent. If we need anything, we will send out an email. We will continue with Ashley on the business process. All right.

43:10 - Conference Room (Brian Cook) - Speaker 1
Thanks, everyone. Have a great rest of your day. See you tomorrow. You too. Thank you. Bye, guys.

43:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Ashley, before you start, you shared me the URL, right? I tried to log in with the credentials, which for Home Depot.

43:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

43:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Marius has shared, but I couldn't be able to log in.

43:30 - Unidentified Speaker
It was telling me, can, can, um, can you show me how you're trying to do it? So then I can tell you if it's correct or not.

43:39 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm sharing the screen.

43:43 - Ashley Salerno
And I would try the link I gave you. Oh, you, you were already sharing your screen. I think you're sharing too now.

43:52 - Venkat B
Yeah. So in the email, he has provided this as a username and the password. So just logged in, pasted the username and username and the password. Signing. We don't recognize you.

44:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

44:22 - Ashley Salerno
Marius and tell him that and send him a screenshot of that and say the password's incorrect.

44:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

44:31 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yes, Cece, Ashley, and Brian also. Yes. Anything else Bharath before Ashley starts on the remaining process?

44:59 - Venkat B
No.

45:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Should I reply back? Okay. He has sent this as a one on one mail. So I'll reply on the one that we have.

45:09 - Venkat B
on the data skit from the data skit we have right my my email and your email yeah anything is fine like even that one-on-one you can reply and uh add Ashley and us okay yeah we can do it offline uh but it's Let's start with the business process. Ashley, you can go ahead and...

45:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep, let me shut my door because it's getting a little loud. We're already outside. Okay. All right. Oh, God.

46:54 - Venkat B
Oh, God.

47:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Great, one moment.

47:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

47:21 - Ashley Salerno
So, So sorry. I've been talking so much lately, and I'm starting to lose my voice and getting a little more raspy, so I apologize.

47:39 - Venkat B
No issues.

47:40 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

47:40 - Ashley Salerno
So yesterday where we left off was matching up the quote to the 299A and making sure that the sketch is accurate, making sure that the products are accurate. We lined all of those up. Everything is pristine and perfect in this example. I don't know if this is going to make a difference for the recording, but you're still also sharing your screen, by the way. And I don't know if it'll make it smaller for the recording for later, so you might want to stop presenting just in case. And our Internet is also not great today.

48:32 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I've stopped sharing the screen.

48:36 - Ashley Salerno
No, you did. I'm trying to. Mine's not loading. I don't know if you're seeing this, but it's taking a moment. So we're going to and hope for the best. All right.

48:54 - Venkat B
I think it's very good actually. As she was mentioning that her internet is not great.

49:00 - Ashley Salerno
No, it'll be It'll be fine. It's the weather we're having and some of the issues. The recording will be fine. It's just unfortunately our connection right now. All right. So we matched up all of the items. We matched up the quoted product bundles and the quote line items with what's on the contract. Everything was great. So I need back into Home Depot Service Center. So I'm going to go back and finish the 299B. So we're going to number. All right. Documents, okay, 299B. We talked a little bit about the two. A little bit about 299B yesterday. Everything is up to date, which actually I have a call out really quickly because I want, need to make sure that you have this because when you have a profile it needs to look like this inside of Home Depot Service Center. So I'm going to... Oh, I can't drop images in the chat.

50:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Interesting.

50:55 - Ashley Salerno
Okay. We'll drop it here then. Just so you have it, because the profile information is really important to have the correct licensing numbers on them for when the data pulls through. And I just wanted to make sure that you had them. All right, so I'm just screen capturing the rest of this information, so then the profile, when you pull it and you can log in, you're gonna need to make sure this information's up to date for the lead forms. All right. Apologies. I just want to make sure that's up to date as we were continuing here. Okay. I'm going to go back. All right. 299b verifying which, just for the sake of transparency we can and change the project name to match, which is lucky and alright, so. You can still see my screen, beautiful. Just so for the sake of it, if you have your teams look at this while you guys are looking at it as well, it matches. All right. It's beautiful. So again, legible signatures. These dates need to be Fridays. We've got the contract price, which also needs to match the $299A price. And it does, which means we are compliant because it's $5,965.79. And the contract price here is $5,965.79. With 100% deposit, again, for Illinois and Indiana and Ohio, not for Wisconsin. Wisconsin's 99% deposit amount needs to be the same as the contract amount, again, unless it's Wisconsin, then the deposit amount would be the amount that they're paying, and then the remainder would be the 1%. All right. Ashley? Yeah.

54:16 - Unidentified Speaker
One question here. The dates that we see over there, right? Are they reflecting in the Salesforce?

54:23 - Ashley Salerno
No, this is not reflecting in the, what do you mean?

54:26 - Unidentified Speaker
No, are you comparing those days, dates again in the Salesforce as well, dates?

54:34 - Ashley Salerno
Oh, the approximate start dates? They do, when we enter the job, they will go in the proposed install start date. So the first, the approximate start date will go here. I'm just verifying before we fully enter the job. Okay.

54:53 - Venkat B
Okay. Yeah. Please continue with the, uh, but I have one more doubt. Uh, uh, there was a, uh, if, in case it's a government holiday or a state holiday. So should we consider those Fridays? Yes.

55:11 - Ashley Salerno
So, um, federal holidays are. Technically not a business day.

55:17 - Venkat B
Oh, but any of that will be entered by the lead, right? So OK, it doesn't much affect us, so we might need to just enter send the data to Salesforce. That will be taken care by the sales salesperson, right? So.

55:37 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah, the salesperson should be doing it correctly. However, again, the approximate dates would always be in this, in this effect. This would be the install date, which would be for four to six weeks out. They should be put in the fourth Friday and then the sixth Friday on the document. So like, for instance, the approximate start date, if it's for four to six weeks out, go ahead.

56:02 - Venkat B
If you missed, I mean, if in case he has entered a wrong date or this state holiday date, then it should be reported in the HD.

56:10 - Ashley Salerno
Oh, if if it's on a Friday, yeah, if it's not a Friday for the install date, and it's a holiday, it's not a big deal.

56:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

56:20 - Ashley Salerno
Okay.

56:22 - Ashley Salerno
It's only a big deal for the right of precision. Hold on 1, 2, on 1 2nd, I'm going to. I'm not gonna be able to hear you. Again, I'm so sorry. Go ahead.

56:41 - Venkat B
Yeah, if in case he has entered a non Friday date, then we might need to report it back with the HD.

56:50 - Ashley Salerno
What do you mean by report it back with the HD? If they didn't use a Friday date? No, Matt, like so say for instance, this is not a Friday, it's a Thursday. Inside of Salesforce, we still need to put that Friday.

57:06 - Venkat B
Okay, fine, fine.

57:08 - Ashley Salerno
Okay, however, when I'm entering the job and we're doing that human portion, I would need to tell the salesman that they need to make sure that it's Fridays. Oh, okay. Okay, so the approximate finish date again, so four to six weeks out, Friday, Approximate finish date, sixth week out, Friday. And then, yes, so we went over the deposits amount. Again, signatures need to be legible. So they should at least be legible attempts. I am not doing well with a mouse. And they should, Again, have legible signatures. All right. So again, per hole, $5 per foot. This should be entered inside of the Home Depot contract. This number has to be on every contract, but it may not be the same. So there is going to be numbers here. It may be the sales rep's phone number, or it may be ours, which is the 630-397-4241. It's not a big deal if it's different. All right. Right of rescission. So like for instance today say the customer were to sign today that could be incorrect because it has to be three business days of from sign day. So, like today it needs to be for the date of transaction. It can be today, but the three business days would need to change. So like it needs to be 4-20 or 21 to be the business days correct out. All right. Does that make sense? And I'm just reiterating what we talked through already. So now I'm going to enter this job because I'm going to go okay. Everything looks great. 299A is compliant. 299B is compliant. I'm going to save it. Again, last name, first name. Have I changed the contracts name? This is going to be a little confusing, but I'll fix it.

59:42 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

59:45 - Ashley Salerno
Muckier.

59:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Test.

59:53 - Ashley Salerno
Alright. And I'm going to fix this. Oops. All right, so we're going to go back into Home Depot. We're going to grab the lead foil. So, HS105. Okay. We're going to say, I'm going to save this really quick.

1:00:57 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:00:58 - Ashley Salerno
So, customers are available for signature because they were available for the contracts, of course. So, it needs to either say owner, occupant, or owner, occupant, or both, one of the three. The sales rep cannot say declined or unavailable for signature, and neither of these boxes should be selected. It's just not gonna let me undo it, I don't think. Let's see. There we go, okay. All right, so we're gonna save this. I already did actually. Now we're going to go do the 118, which the 299A shows removal, this one does not. If the 299A shows that there's a removal, we need to say on the 118, we need to add an exception. Either way, we need to add an exception on the 118. So we're going to go to the because we have to generate this every time. We're going to do option two. We're going to state no removal of fence. If there was removal of fence, it would say the existing fence is not painted.

1:02:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Oops.

1:02:29 - Ashley Salerno
And then this would say Clayton Lambert. I would do today's date. All right, but this one we don't have fencing, so I'm gonna say no fence removal as the exception. I'm going to print the document, save. And then I'm going to go into DocHub. Generate a new document. Create document. I'm going to sign in. And then I'm going to download it and save it. I'm going to add it to Salesforce. I missed one. I need to add Okay, well, it's not letting me add it. Come on. All right, again. Out of the HS-105, HS-118. Now I need to go back into Home Depot. I need to add the customer approval form.

1:04:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Edit.

1:04:45 - Ashley Salerno
I need to say my name here, but I need to sign it. So Again, because I verified all of the documents and the addresses, this is the same address and document. Beautiful. So again, last name, first name, I'm going to go back to DocHub. This is the one piece that I didn't get to share with you guys for time's sake the last time. So I'm adding a document. I need to sign up. All right, so this has all the documents it officially needs so we can move forward. However, I'm not going to add it to Home Depot, but the 118 needs to be re-uploaded back into Home Depot system as it has been completed with the appropriate signature on behalf of Clayton. So now I would verify the budget, which I need to open up another tab. All right, so I'm going to, OK, looks like the sales are up a commission, which means I need to create a commission for him or them. I'm going to go create commission. The material is aluminum, so I'm going to select aluminum. Now I'm going to go to the quote page and I'm going to pull some numbers. So I'm going to take this number minus the total and going to take that number minus the total tax and enter that into the reading commission for the budget worksheet. So I'm going to take the material price $4,143.75 minus $324.61. So I'm taking total material price. List price, by the way, is always be the right column, not the left column. So the total material list price minus the tax. And I'm going to come over here, and I'm going to enter 3,819.14. I'm going to come back over. OK, here's the labor list price. I'm going to add that. Into the labor, I need to go and verify the quoted product bundles for the disposal. So I'm going to click in here and I'm going to grab the list price, which is 190. Hey, what? Yes. Sorry, everyone. Is needing something or like are you still on a call? So 196.56. It's gonna be a front and by did from field, it needs to always be dirt disposal from our yard. So it's gonna be 58.88 list price. And again, dirt disposal from our yard, plus if there was removal of fence, plus the six foot high disposal or a four foot high disposal that it would be. So I need to take the don't have to do math on this, which typically we have removal of some kind. So 5880, I'll add that there. I'm going to do what the sold price, what was stated on the contract. So he added like $250 for demolition, even though there is no demolition in this quote, so there'd be a discrepancy. So then I wouldn't be able to move forward, because again, demolition, takedown hallway, I should have put that miscellaneous amount for our exercise and I did not. So let's pretend that we're adding for dirt removal. And it's going to be $250. So that would be, again, the $58.80. But the sold price would be the $5,965.79. I'm going to hit Next, Next, Next. Next.

1:10:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Beautiful.

1:10:19 - Ashley Salerno
All right, I'm going to scroll down. Here's my budget worksheet. I need to connect it to the work order, which is the project. All right, looks good. He also didn't add any promotions. So when I go back in here to add the permit fee, because I have to go back in to add it, it doesn't give me the option to add it.

1:10:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Whoa.

1:10:45 - Ashley Salerno
This is always going to be 160. So say there was a Home Depot 10% off, then I would enter the 10% off. If there was a Home Depot 5% promotion, I would enter the 5% promotion off. And I'm going to also just take a glance. Looks good. Looks great. That 5880s here. All right, looks good. Okay, excuse me. I'm gonna hit save. Now I am going to go to the job number. So I'm gonna go to, need to open that spreadsheet, apologies. Scan, I verified payment, I have signed documents, I have everything, all the documents that I need that are signed are compliant. The contracts are compliant, except for this 299A is not, because it should say 250 in miscellaneous amount, not in takedown hallway, because there is no takedown hallway. So I'm going to go get a job number. And I'm just going to go down here instead of confusing my team. Because as you can tell, Mike's in here and he's trucking along here. So I'm going to come down here and just do 565. So is a Illinois job. So we're going to say HD 565. And then we're going to say AS because it's Ashley Salerno. Those are not my initials for the project. And then as you could tell, it would be date. Oh no, I did it backwards, sorry. So 26 HD and then I would say AS. And then I would say, Machian test. Time test, Machian test.

1:13:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Oops.

1:13:22 - Ashley Salerno
The current data you're entering in a different screen, Ashley? Yeah.

1:13:27 - Ashley Salerno
Yep, that's my fault. Sorry, I didn't switch. All right. So I, as you can see Mike's in here, he's going, you know, we should be going to the next one, but I don't want to confuse him. So we're going to go here where we do 26 because it's Illinois. We're going to go to the next number. We're going to add the date and we're going to say AS, even though those aren't, those aren't my initials for the job. We're going to say Tom Tessmuckian Tess for the name. We're going to state the city. And the state, so we're going to say West Chicago.

1:14:00 - Unidentified Speaker
It's not in a sequence, Ashley?

1:14:02 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

1:14:04 - Ashley Salerno
It is not. And then the amount.

1:14:08 - Venkat B
Aren't we supposed to do it in a sequence or for now just because it's a test data you're doing, you're doing it in non-SQL? Correct, correct.

1:14:17 - Ashley Salerno
I don't want to confuse Mike while he's in here, thinking I'm taking the next one. So like for this, we're not, no.

1:14:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:14:26 - Ashley Salerno
But like, you would basically be in a sequential only, right?

1:14:31 - Ashley Salerno
Yes, we'd go to the next one available.

1:14:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:14:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

1:14:36 - Ashley Salerno
All right. So I passed it. What am I doing? There we go. So then I would say this, and then I'd the total amount. And then I'd say AS, because I'm the one who entered it. So 26 HD 565 AS, Tom Test, Muckey and Test, West Chicago, Illinois, for a contract value of $5,965.79. And I'm the enter, so it's AS. So I'm going to take which I'm going to enter this into the practice environment. So 26 HD. Well, we're going to try to enter in the practice Okay.

1:15:42 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:15:43 - Ashley Salerno
So now I've got a job number. I'm going to take the information inside the budget worksheet. Okay. I am going to Pull up my budget worksheet in another screen. Sorry. All right, so I'm going to go OK. Got my budget worksheet up. I'm going to scroll down and enter the which would be, I'm only gonna leave this as a dollar, because otherwise it'll notify everyone, but I'm gonna leave this as a dollar, but it should say, you know, well, you know what, I'm just gonna do it, 565, and then I'll delete Now, is 5,965.79, the contract value, is what I should be adding. The address is up to date, and I know this because I had verified it already, so I don't have to re-verify it. So I'm going to enter in the margin amount. So the margin is showed under apps review budget here. And I'm going to enter the commission amount, which is shown here. So it's going to be 58225 payment terms. It's going to be Home Depot. So it's you know, um, this this actually isn't needed. We should be saying if they paid by credit or check or cash into the Home Depot store, they paid with a credit card. We're going to do under over. So under over target price, so 24998. All right, did they use a promotion? No, Ashley did not. Turned in on today's date, unless it's a Friday. Not a Friday, a Monday, then we'd date back to Friday. So if today was the 13th, we'd date back to the 10th. We're going to say the sign date is when the sign date was, which again would be today if I had signed it for us. So we'll hit save. I need to go put just as a dollar really quick, which that's not what that would be. It would be the actual contract value. I just don't want to notify anybody. So permit flow, permit flow is checked looks good because I'm going to have to go do that on the next page here in a minute. So I'm going to go okay. This is where I'm going to enter the project specs if permit flow is getting the permit I need to select ready for permitting. I'm going to go into the quote line items. All right so this is four foot high elevate series or four 4 foot. Elevate series.

1:19:08 - Unidentified Speaker
You're not sharing that.

1:19:10 - Ashley Salerno
I know I'm, I'm, I'm typing it and then I'm going to show it. So hold on 1 second. I just don't want to lose my train of thought as we're talking through it. So I'm going to do 4 high black elevate series. 135 with. Foot wide gate. All right, so this is the project's box. Four foot high, black Elevate Series, 135 linear feet with one five foot wide gate. All right, four foot high, then we've got one four foot wide gate.

1:19:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:19:51 - Ashley Salerno
So we're going to do that. I'm going to put in my job number, my 26 HD 565 AS. The project department is going to be residential. It has a service territory. It has a ops manager attached.

1:20:10 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:20:11 - Ashley Salerno
Looks good. This is aluminum. I don't know where I was going. We're going to put in the contract value, which again, I'm going to enter it in, but then I'm going to delete it. Also be the contract value that's on the contract, which would be that 5,965 number, so 5,965.79. Again, Home Depot is 100% except for in the state of Wisconsin, so 5,965.79. Oops, I added two sixes. If there was a store discount, I'd say that here, but there is not. And here's where the dates come in for the 299B. I went too far. All right, so 5-15, now I'd enter 5-15 here. It's in App Store view, everything looks good. We would say that this is ready for permitting, but I don't wanna alert anyone. I'm also gonna change to the value of a dollar really quickly because, again, it's a test subject. And I'm going to hit save. And now I'm going to go enter it inside of Computer Ease. So we're going to go to Computer Ease, share this tab instead. Oops. Let's see in there. There. Oh, what is going on. I agree. Ah, when he gave me admin access he so we're gonna go into p3. Ooh, that threw me through a loop. All right, Ashley. I'm gonna go to job costing system, job maintenance, duplicate a job. It's gonna be 00 which again, Illinois and Wisconsin are 00 South for Home Depot. For the residential side, it's just gonna be 0, 0, E S. So, but just for Home Depot size can be 0, 0, South. So we're going to say it's 26 HD, 565AS. Great job. So I'm going to do... Okay, so we're gonna do Muckian as the customer number. So we're gonna do MUC. The next one would be 180. So I'm gonna hit maintenance, MUC 180. Okay, create a customer number. Number yes. We're going to do Muckian, Muckian, oh no same as contract our time, test, Muckian, past, roots, address we're going to say West Roosevelt Road because that's what's on the unsigned approved 60185 is the zip code. Looks great. I'm going to take this name and I'm going to duplicate it again and put it in the contact. I'm going add number, 815, 815-375-4452. Email is going to be ashleyaskatpeerlessfence.com. Department's going to be three. Departments are also that sheet that I had sent you that states the core computer ease information. Illinois and Wisconsin are always going to be three. So the sales rep we're going to say is AS, which I don't have sales initials. Uh-oh. Well, I'll use it. OK. It's a test environment, so it'll be OK.

1:24:35 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:24:35 - Ashley Salerno
So we'll say AS, even though those are not the initials. As you can tell, here's all the initials of the salespeople that we code by. Say again as none is going to be the billing so we're then we're going to put customer type ro5 now I'm going to go to the next one which I need to write this down so I can delete it because I don't know if it goes into the environment because everything that's in the environment is in here and it's freaking me out a little bit actually when you say ro5 right um do we have this separately on the excel sheet that you have shown because we will not know whether it's an R05 or something, right? I believe it is. I'll look.

1:25:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:25:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:25:17 - Ashley Salerno
So any kind of the mappings that you're trying, I mean, any kind of codes or mappings that you're trying to automatically enter, right? For all those things, we would need an Excel sheet, so.

1:25:28 - Ashley Salerno
Well, it's on that sheet that I sent you already, I believe, where it says, like, you know, it's going to be 00 South or 00, We'll go through it in a minute. 180, going to double-click, which I should have. I'm not going to do it. I should have copied so then I could paste it in here so it's not as difficult because it's the same thing that's going to go there. I'm going to enter the job name, it's going to be the customer name, the address, which I did 1300 West. West Roosevelt Road. I'm going to say 60185, because that's West Chicago. Then class is S, and that's default, like it's supposed to. We're going to do the date open, today's date. Again, unless it's a Monday and we're dating back to Friday. I mean, yes. Yes, that's accurate. This is where it gets a little bit different, because every subset is a little bit So, it's either going to show base contract here or it's going to show contract amount here or it's going to show, excuse me, it should only be in this phase or here. So, if it says base contract, uh-oh, that was bad. Let me hit cancel. Let me do this again because that shouldn't have done that. For some reason, whatever happened, this went away. I don't know why that happened. All right, so let's do, we're gonna add the customer number again, which is 180. I'm gonna take Tom Muckey and test, paste.

1:27:23 - Unidentified Speaker
1300, test.

1:27:30 - Ashley Salerno
is about right 6.185 yes date open today's date unless it's a Friday then we're dating back now we're gonna do the contract value which would have been so five So it should show up like this. 5,965.79. I'm going to select none. I'm going to select aluminum because that's the product type. I'm going to enter the material from the budget worksheet. All right, so the material is 2,000, so I'm going to go, I'm going to enter exactly the here, so I'm going to say material, whoops, $2,285.35. The subcontractor amount is $891.35. The sales commission is $582.25. So again, sales commission, ops review budget, whoops, $2,258.35. Now I'm going to scroll down to the bottom because this is where the pertinent information comes into play as well. $891.35. So we're going to go under overhead. And because it's a Home Depot job, I'm going to enter in 671.15. And worksheet, it's called HD overhead. So it's going to be 671.15. So I'm going to enter in overhead GA 671.15. I'm going to hit save. Then I'm going to go to user fields. And I'm going to say territory one, because it's in West Chicago, and that's the territory that's inside of Salesforce. I'm going to say it was sold by AS, because Ashley sold it. I'm going to do to sign contract date as today's date. We're going to do the type as AL, because that's aluminum. We're going to say it's four foot high elevate series. We're going to go back to the budget worksheet. We're going to get the target price. We're going to enter that in. So it's 571581, the town's West Chicago. And I'm going to hit save. And then I'm going to go back to Salesforce, and I'm going to send I'm going to make sure that the quote's accepted. Since I verified all the materials, I'm going to accept the quote. Everything looks good. The job is beautiful. I'm going to go into the sales order and I'm going to attach the project. So the work order, the project's going to be attached. From here, I'm going to go to the project and I'm going to a task. This one is because it's aluminum, I'm going to task Barb. So I'm going to say purchase material. And then I'm going to say stock because it's a stock item. I'm going to task Barb, which I'm actually not going to do this. I'm just going to task myself because I don't want to task Barb right now and her.

1:31:13 - Unidentified Speaker
The task will get created on a material basis. Yes.

1:31:21 - Ashley Salerno
So aluminum and PVC get tasked to Barb to order. So then I'm going to say 417 because tomorrow's date is 417. I'm going to hit save. So a task should be assigned to Barb, but it's not. It's going to task me. There's going to be a task here. It's also going to show all of the work in the customers order here inside of Salesforce. And now I am done with this portion of the entry. So next, I'm going to break down the job.

1:31:53 - Venkat B
Actually, one more thing, if you're creating anything, something like a task, okay, I just say it's a far as it's a record that you're creating. A job that you're doing within the Salesforce. So these kind of jobs, if there are any conditional basis, we would need it in a written format or in a one sheet so that we implement in the course.

1:32:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:32:21 - Ashley Salerno
So. Um, that's something that's currently, we have a lot of changes going on internally, so I don't, if we can leave that part to the last of the build out, that would be great. So then we can determine what we're doing. Does that make sense? So we're changing some things around internally a little bit. And with that being said, I'm going to leave the tasking to last in the build out that we're doing with you all. So then, if we could finalize that last, so then we have like a lot because it's going to change.

1:33:05 - Venkat B
OK. With respect to task, that's fine. But if in case we had any of the similar things before, which you would have covered the previous calls, right? Yeah. So if similar kind of ones is there, we would need it in any written doc or written as a notes so that we can implement in our code basis. OK.

1:33:32 - Ashley Salerno
All so we'll just stop there. That's we enter the job. The next part's more of the ops review and breaking down the materials, which would be a manual process. So that's how we would enter a job from a lead. We did the lead to all of the document and sales appointment and things yesterday. And then we did all the filling out of the documents and then we did the rest of the entering today. So now this would be a live real job.

1:34:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:34:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:34:16 - Venkat B
Do you have any questions?

1:34:21 - Unidentified Speaker
No, Ashley.

1:34:22 - Venkat B
Okay.

1:34:27 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:34:28 - Venkat B
So I think we're good for today. Yeah.

1:34:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:34:33 - Ashley Salerno
And then I'll send you the Read again. Yeah.

1:34:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:34:37 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah. All right. Well, if you need anything else, don't hesitate to reach out. Okay.

1:34:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, definitely.

1:34:45 - Ashley Salerno
Have a good day. Thanks.

1:34:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks.

1:34:47 - Ashley Salerno
Peace.