Speaker 2 | 03:56
Hello? I'm going to get my computers all set up. So give me just a second. I'm so sorry.
Raghuram Potluri | 06:14
Are you in it? Yes.
Speaker 2 | 06:32
Oops. Here we go. All right. How are we doing? I apologize. I had some interviews earlier when you were meeting with two, but I wanted to make sure that you guys were getting everything that you needed and everybody was on and in. Did they answer all of your questions and everything that you needed?
Raghuram Potluri | 06:52
Yes, actually, we got, like a maximum questions clarified. And it was a very helpful session with Amarius.
Speaker 2 | 07:01
Good. So, how have you gotten...? That was only a couple of hours ago, but I want to ask, have you gotten able to log in? Did they give you that information and how to do so or not?
Raghuram Potluri | 07:19
Do you mean HD portal login? No, he told us we have to reach out to you for creating a login for us.
Speaker 2 | 07:27
Okay. All right, let me...
Raghuram Potluri | 07:27
Yeah, I have that action item. I wanted to talk about that in this meeting.
Speaker 2 | 07:34
Okay, all right. I'm going to reach out and see if I can get that part done, and hopefully we can get a response while we're on the phone.
Raghuram Potluri | 07:40
He is going to share us the API credentials for HDs, but like a login to the portal. He asked us to reach out to you so that you can create a new login.
Speaker 2 | 08:07
I did reach out to Home Depot, and I'm trying to figure out sometimes that they were able to meet.
However, they pick and choose, so we're waiting on some information from them.
Raghuram Potluri | 08:22
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 08:23
I be go.
Raghuram Potluri | 08:23
Actually, he was mentioning that whenever there is some issue, especially with the API and all, they used to reach out to API team directly.
So do you know if we can have a connect with them so that it will be easy for us?
Speaker 2 | 08:40
Contact... Did he provide that for you? Because I actually do not have that contact.
Raghuram Potluri | 08:45
Okay. He didn't provide it to us, but I'm going to send him my email. So I will ask him in that email with a minute of meeting him.
Speaker 2 | 08:52
Yeah, me too. I will see if I can get him to give it to us.
Raghuram Potluri | 08:57
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 08:59
Yeah, and I say that so it's kind of both.
Raghuram Potluri | 09:00
It's like a ticketing system where you create a support ticket and then they come in to call. Okay.
Speaker 2 | 09:10
I'm reaching out to our contact, whose name is Greg. I reach out to him, I request a meeting, and he adds who he feels would be best for it. Then they say when they're available, when they're not, or ask me for my availability, whichever they prefer.
Raghuram Potluri | 09:28
Four.
Speaker 2 | 09:30
Excuse me.
So with that being said, it's a couple of different ways. It's never the same way, because some say, "Do this instead."
Raghuram Potluri | 09:38
Okay, got it.
Speaker 2 | 09:41
I'm like, "That's not what we did before. This isn't helpful. I've now wasted an hour of trying to figure out different pieces and who to contact."
So it's a little...
Raghuram Potluri | 09:52
Okay, so actually this session we want to like again go through once the whole process, like end to end completely from like a lead coming into HDs and like, where it ends.
Like when the workshop is done, everything is settled, but at a high level.
Speaker 2 | 10:12
So you want to know the product like how you want to know the customer journey.
Raghuram Potluri | 10:13
Yeah, that's so much. Yeah, because we understood that there will be a lead sitting in HTS which is being pulled into the sales force through our API call like a witch. Marius developer comes the sales force.
Speaker 2 | 10:30
The...
Raghuram Potluri | 10:32
So after that, there will be a consultation. So once the consultation is scheduled, I think the lead will change into an opportunity.
Speaker 2 | 10:55
Alright. So when we create a lead inside of Home Depot Service Center, it doesn't come through inside of Salesforce. So that part needs to be fixed. Let's do...
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 11:12
Are we recording this? SE or can I start the recording at the Google.
Raghuram Potluri | 11:14
She is recording it. Her?
Speaker 2 | 11:18
I can send you my report so you have it and then...
Raghuram Potluri | 11:19
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 11:22
It'll transcribe it and it's a lot different than what the way that Google Meet does. So maybe I'll even teach you guys something else.
Raghuram Potluri | 11:31
4.
Speaker 2 | 11:33
I read... Actually, it's amazing. I use it for a lot.
Raghuram Potluri | 11:38
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 11:41
And then. It records it. It. It'll break it out, too. It'll even give you, like, you can ask it to give you more information about what we discussed.
Raghuram Potluri | 11:53
I just switched off my camera, actually, because I have some very poor connectivity today. So it is getting stuck.
Eight.
Speaker 2 | 12:21
Eight.
Okay, so it hasn't come through yet. Let's see if it's come through here.
One.
All right, so those ones have been done you.
All right, so it still hasn't come through yet, and I did it from their website.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 13:44
Actually, if in case we would need... During the time of the development, if in case we would need one or two documents, you will be able to create them, right?
Speaker 2 | 13:55
Say that again.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 13:59
Maybe for the case of development, if in case we would need one or two leads, you will be okay to create, right?
Speaker 2 | 14:07
I mean, they don't like us to do it, but as long as we call it a peerless test and then call it a lead generation issue like I did here where I was testing the insured lead generation, and then I'll close it as long as you guys tell me which it is after you've created it.
So when... Help Depot asks why I can answer. Okay. Because they grade us on these. So it did finally come through the lead side. It hasn't come through the peerless side as of yet.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 14:47
It takes ten minutes to update. Actually, on the peerless side...
Speaker 2 | 14:52
It used to be 30 minutes, so it's nice to know that it's gotten to 10 minutes now. All right, so we'll get a few minutes to update, because I believe it will. If it updates every 10 minutes, then it should be within 30 minutes. We'll check.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 15:14
A Marcos told that update every ten minutes.
Speaker 2 | 15:18
So... He said every ten minutes. Last I knew, it was every thirty. So, let's see.
Raghuram Potluri | 15:27
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 15:27
All right. So we're at least as updated as it is inside of Salesforce. When they update to opportunities, it would be great if it could... Feedback inside of Salesforce after it's updated the same way... Like when through the customer orders we would want the documents to pull through. Let me think.
Raghuram Potluri | 15:41
Okaymm.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 15:59
The Salesforce user... Like create the Salesforce user for us, or we have to reach out.
Speaker 2 | 16:07
A Salesforce user didn't get a Salesforce login from Brian.
Raghuram Potluri | 16:10
Marius told that he will share it with us, he will create a user. He told me that Cora Barahi is going to create a user with our email and is going to share it with us for the sandbox.
No, not for sales.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 16:24
Sorry, not for sales.
Raghuram Potluri | 16:25
So he told... For the sandbox.
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 16:29
Okay. I'm just making that point and talking to him.
Speaker 2 | 16:37
And then I'm working on the Home Depot One as well.
Raghuram Potluri | 16:39
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 16:41
Okay, so it hasn't come inside of Salesforce as of yet, but well, it's twenty, and it's not there yet, so I wonder if it must not be on the full minute within every ten minutes.
Raghuram Potluri | 17:01
Yes.
Speaker 2 | 17:05
Okay, so last rose abouts roads Chicago.
Raghuram Potluri | 17:24
You saw be calv a Bealva you.
Speaker 2 | 17:29
I'm from Dekalb. Well, I'm not from Dekalb. I currently live in Dekalb.
Raghuram Potluri | 17:33
I went to not AA YI did.
Speaker 2 | 17:34
Yes, did you nice, it's just so much cheaper out there than out here.
Raghuram Potluri | 17:37
Masters from there.
Speaker 2 | 17:45
I grew up in the Geneva area, but in the Dekalb area, it's just you can't beat what they rented for.
Raghuram Potluri | 17:46
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 17:54
All right, so... Okay, there's an appointment. It's going to go on the sales rep's calendar, which it says I'm a sales rep, even though I am not. It's going to send an email. All right, so the salesman goes out, they're going to create a site plan. We're going to say left side of the house. I should probably draw something before I start trying to quote nothing.
All right, so the house is supposed to be at the bottom. That's best practice. The house is at the bottom. Let's do color is black. All right? The post caps are going to be standard, which apologies... The reason I know this is because it only comes in one for the Elevate series, so I know...
Okay, here's what I'm going to have for my information here, and it's the pyramid post cap. So I could put pyramid too, but I know that it comes in the standard cap. All right, everything looks good, so I need to the gate. What did I choose for the gate? I believe... All right, so I chose... As you can see from the drawing tool, I chose a 5ft gate.
So I'm going to put in one gate. Or I can go one 5ft wide gate. I can even paste it in here because I had that black... So it's one 5ft wide gate. Posts are standard 5 by 5s, and this is a 3-rail.
All right, so all the information is here. If this was wooded, this would need to stay like a one-by-six hoop. But because it's not... It's obviously not a one-by-six. So we're following the flow. One of these...
venkatb@dataskate.ai | 20:33
Now we are to see...
Speaker 2 | 20:36
So they would need to again show their work. So we took the price that they had in a drawing tool, which stated the price would be $5,715.79. They said the demolition amount. I don't like it when they do this only because some of them... Again, they don't know how to math sometimes because, well, some of them do know how to math, but they're out in the field working with the customer, and they get distracted.
So we'll say the demolition amount is $50. It needs to be correct within the two boxes, the subtotal, and the total amount. So if they do something like this where they show their work, the math needs to be accurate, so we need to make sure that it equals up to what it's supposed to be.
So this price in the total amount needs to match. It would need to match the $2,909.00 in order to be compliant. You're going to have to come back. Sorry. All right, so the sales team... This information gets preloaded with the customer's information and our information. As you can see here, it states, "I'm the salesperson."
It's got service provider licensing numbers there. It's got our info email box. The customer would sign here. They're going to fill in an approximate start date, which should always typically be four to six weeks out. Apologies, I didn't write this down.
All right, so we're going to do the pretax total. So they need to select from whatever options are currently available. So as of today, we should either be using... We have to financing... We have one financing promotion, which is the 12 months financing or we have a percentage off promotion. The percentage off promotion... They would need to select the correct SKU which as you can see, it says with removal SF and I percentage off promo.
This is stuff that we verify as well. Or it would just say SF and I financing with removal. If the percentage off is not stated, then the allocations of the promotion will not be completed correctly. When Home Depot has a promotion that they offer, that's something that they sponsor, not something that Perless is sponsoring. Which is why it's super important to have the correct SKU in place.
So the sales rep needs to complete that in the event that they do the percentage off. This time is the only time that I've told my sales team it's okay to lie. I say that because a lot of the times it's just something that you enter for... Now you can say no at this time, but we do have to enter it at the end of the project once it's complete, stating that the permit has been approved in order to be compliant.
But for this part of it, they do have to say no. On the contracts, they do have to say whether or not a permit is needed. All right, so we're going to create the quote. It says verify all this information because after you create and verify all this information, it's going to send inside of the Home.
I wish that it would show the... I wish that it would say like... Proposal. Sent it in. Proposal status, you can't see my... I'm sorry. I wish it would show any information, but it doesn't... Feedback and the information that was put inside of there.
So we have no data points or information of what they've done with this customer, if anything, other than that they created a quote but not that they've given the customer a quote.
Raghuram Potluri | 24:19
Understood. Okay.
Speaker 2 | 24:23
Yes. So until the sales rep closes one and adds their photos, this is technically not a real job.
Raghuram Potluri | 24:31
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 24:32
This is all very...
So a lot of the times I will go through the backend and go through Home Depot reporting and find the deposits or not deposits the payment and then select the deposit paid box. If that could integrate and flow back through an API, that was awesome, that would work.
Raghuram Potluri | 24:50
Okay. Okay.
Speaker 2 | 24:54
I need to find out from... If there's an API on that, I think, or ask you guys to help with... I don't know how to do that, but yeah.
Raghuram Potluri | 25:00
Sure. We can check on the car. Ili.
Speaker 2 | 25:07
How do we feel about what I've given you thus far?
What else do you need? Because this is just the customer journey as far as lead generation appointment conversion from a lead to a qualified opportunity appointment sat quotes. I'm trying to think...
You're going to have to do this no matter what, right? This is where we have to start, okay? Why is it saying that it's not a... I'm trying to share it with you. The report, and I have read it says it's not a valid email address.
Raghuram Potluri | 25:47
Or else you can share it to the peerless one, the Dataskate at peerless.
Speaker 2 | 25:56
Cry, that was so weird. Okay, let's try this again. Okay, it worked, that's weird. All right, so what else do you need from me? Do we feel like today was pretty helpful identifying...?
Raghuram Potluri | 26:13
A lot, actually. Now, we have a lot of ideas on the business process, so it will really help us to grab the requirements.
Speaker 2 | 26:21
Okay, and then my admin... My recording was in the last meeting with... Two. Would that be helpful for you as well? Do you want to show you that one as well?
Raghuram Potluri | 26:33
Yeah, if you can.
Speaker 2 | 26:38
Yeah, I'm going to send you all of that over, and then let me know what you need, any others you need for me.
Raghuram Potluri | 26:46
Yeah, I think this is good for now. Ashley, what was it?
Speaker 2 | 26:52
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
Raghuram Potluri | 26:53
I didn't get you.
Speaker 2 | 26:56
Are there any other action items that you need from me?
Raghuram Potluri | 26:57
No, nothing.
Speaker 2 | 27:00
Okay.
Raghuram Potluri | 27:01
The only thing is that HD portal login and connect with the HD API Development team.
Speaker 2 | 27:12
Yeah, I am looking on that. I'm looking. I'm waiting on a response for that because I have to wait until they give me a log in.
Raghuram Potluri | 27:18
9. It okay, Ashley.
Speaker 2 | 27:21
Okay, all right, well, you guys have a wonderful day. Let me know if you do anything else.
Raghuram Potluri | 27:26
Okay, sure. Thank you.
Speaker 2 | 27:27
Okay, thanks, bye.
Raghuram Potluri | 27:30
Nine.
