Answers from the Print Procurement and Print Fulfillment side: 
 
1.   How is an order created in Salesforce today? 
●      For my answer to Question 1, an order is EITHER an Agreement OR an 
opportunity we are looking at for this Academic Year. 
●      We look at Opportunities in Salesforce. 
●      We need to source for everything at 100%. 
●      We need to source for likely business that will close before school starts or as 
school is starting. 
●      We procure all of the print we need for the upcoming Academic Year sometime in 
May / early June. 
●      Those titles should be ready to go out for fulfillment just ahead of the school's Start 
Date (not earlier). 
 
2.   Once the order is created, what are the next steps the team follows? 
●      If an "order" is an "agreement" for us: 
●      Partner Services confirms the titles and quantities on the implementation call (the 
numbers CAN and DO change).   Especially for Intensified.   
●      We secure shipping details / contact info / addresses and confirm the School Start 
Date. 
●      We begin fulfillment "ordering" with each vendor to get the correct materials out to 
Partners ahead of their Start Date.   
●      Sales will ask us to ship materials ahead of a closed/won agreement.  This 
happens on a CCR (Contract Change Request) - if / when approved, they are treated 
as closed/won business and are added to our fulfillment queue.      The system needs 
to know that when the agreement comes in, it has already been fulfilled.      
3.   Once an invoice is created in QuickBooks, what are the next steps? 
 
     Leaving blank. 
 
4.   How is the inventory maintained throughout the month 
●      Once we begin back-to-school fulfillment, we go in order of School Start date, 
going from West to East (since our current vendor is on the East Coast and West 
Coast orders take longer to arrive).     
●      Each order decrements our existing inventory. 
●      I run a daily/weekly report to look for any potential shortages. 
5.   How are payment updates made in Salesforce? 
 
     Leaving blank. 
 

6.   In fact, a full overview of the current process 
 
     See above for Procurement / Fulfillment. 
 
7.   What is the expected future state? 
 
     Future state outlook from the Partner Services perspective: 
●      Inventory / VALUE of inventory is easily pulled and calculated. 
●      Inventory / VALUE of the SAME title but purchased in different batches is 
automated. 
●      System alerts/reports if a title is projected to run short. 
●      If quantities change on an order, this needs to happen in SALESFORCE vs. 
outside of Salesforce (current) so that our view is accurate. 
●      System to look at overall costs of our orders based on product mix, fulfillment, and 
shipping - need to get to a Partner / Agreement cost. 
●      Ability to run a query on any mix of products we have or have had and any order 
we have or have had.       
○ Example - over the last 5 years, what have we spent on Intensified Algebra - 
Volume 1 SABs?   How many did we source each year?   How many of them 
remain in inventory at any given time? 
●      Managing procurement bids from multiple vendors to ensure we are getting the 
best pricing.     
●      Track bids over time.  They are highly dependent on quantities and page counts. 
●     Over time, track trends in print, quantities, and spend. 
●     Visibility of inventory separately and combined in a title that exists in multiple 
places.       
●     Value of inventory by any mix, submix on demand. 
Let me know if you have any questions on this ahead of our call tomorrow. 
 
Thank you, 
 
 
 
Holly Wale