LeoLabs x Salesforce | NetSuite + Salesforce Integration 
Intro Call - 2026/04/30 13:30 PDT - Transcript 
Attendees 
Claudia, Emaun Barfeei, Jake Fritz, kailash chanda, Ryan Albretsen 
Transcript 
Emaun Barfeei: Hey Jake, good man. How are you? 
Jake Fritz: How we doing? 
Jake Fritz: I'm good. I got a big procedure tomorrow. 
Emaun Barfeei: Man. 
Jake Fritz: Staying at home today. 
Emaun Barfeei: Good luck, Let me know if you need anything. 
Jake Fritz: Yeah, we'll be good. We got our data escape friends coming. 
Emaun Barfeei: We do. Both Ryan and... 
Emaun Barfeei: Khalish. yeah,... 
Jake Fritz: Yeah, cool. 
Jake Fritz: And then I talked I know Claudia is online and everything so she'll be here but how's the office 
funday in a quarter? 
Emaun Barfeei: You missed out on tacos. 
Jake Fritz: Is it I think I saw someone I saw a Mediterranean Euro King or something. I love it when they 
do the Euros. 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah, they did talk. 
kailash chanda: Hey, how you doing? 
Emaun Barfeei: Hi, Kyash. How are you? 
kailash chanda: Good. Thank you. 
Emaun Barfeei: Hey Ryan. 
Ryan Albretsen: What's up, guys? It's the end of the month stretcher. 

Jake Fritz: Hey Ryan,... 
Jake Fritz: notifications off. 
Ryan Albretsen: End of the last bit of it right now, We're just going nuts here. It's good stuff. 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah. 
Jake Fritz: There we go. looks like Claudia is coming in right here. Hey, Claudia. 
Emaun Barfeei: Hey, Claudia. 
Ryan Albretsen: Thank you. 
Jake Fritz: Long time no I think you might be on mute. 
Emaun Barfeei: You're on mute. 
Claudia: Okay, there you go. 
Jake Fritz: And then Iman, was Michelle gonna come or... 
Emaun Barfeei: I don't think so. 
Jake Fritz:  
Jake Fritz: are we good? Yeah. And a quarter magic. 
Emaun Barfeei: So, I think she's been triple booked. I always see her calendar being. 
Jake Fritz: I love it. All good. 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah. 
Jake Fritz: Yeah, Claudia, good to see you again. got a lot of faces here, so I can give kind of a quick recap 
before we hop into some of the introductions. but me as the main Salesforce point of contact working 
with Leo Labs. And you knew that we do a ton over here. so I'm very lucky to have this army of resources 
behind me. I brought in the Slack support for it with Aaron. we just talked with Jordan and Spiff. So, a lot 
of different conversations to be had from my end. And you had shared some of the headaches around the 
manual commission calculations. That's kind of why we talked about SPIFF. And then also said there was 
some, room to grow with Netswuite. I know you mentioned beefing up the implementation there or the 
integration there. 
Jake Fritz: And so with that, everything that we do now is so focused around the Salesforce trust layer, 
allowing our customers to connect securely with their customer data and outside sources. So this is 
nothing new on our end. while we don't do ERP, we play very nicely with it and our partners are very very 
knowledgeable around the good, the bad, and the ugly of how to kind of build it out and set it up. so to 
help with this I brought in my integration automation specialist Iman and then also just to get you some of 
that extra guidance and really just give you peace of mind around it we brought in data skate one of our 
Mulesoft implementation partners they really work with customers day in and day out who have come 
over these challenges or who have overcome the challenges and really found success with the revenue 
engine. 

Jake Fritz: So I won't be talking too much here. I wanted to at least open it up, but I've synced with the 
team. they are aware of where you're at. We're just kind of looking around on the best practices around 
Netswuite. But with the big growth at Leo Labs last year, and another big year ahead, sales team's going 
to be growing hoping to get some big contracts as well. And you just need to have an airtight,... 
Jake Fritz: revenue system with Netswuite,... 
Claudia: Okay. Yep. 
Jake Fritz: so without further ado, I could pass it to Iman. We could hear a quick intro from Ryan and 
Kyash and then if there's a little bit more any updates from your Claudia, we'd love to hear that before kind 
of hopping into things. Is that good? Cool. 
Emaun Barfeei: Okay. ... 
Emaun Barfeei: Claudia, good to meet you, Thank you for that great briefing and introduction. Love it as 
always. like Jake said, I'm the Data Foundation's account executive. do specialize in the integration and 
automation pieces here with Mulesoft being one of them. so yeah, I've been here for almost a year now, 
but we did bring on our trusted partners here. We thought Datascape would be good. 
Ryan Albretsen: Hey. 
Emaun Barfeei: We've worked with them in the past many many times and they do fantastic work, but I 
don't want to take away their thunder. I'll pass it to Ryan first and then Kylash. 
Ryan Albretsen: Hey, Claudia. I'm Rhino Bretson, account executive here at Datkate. I've been here for over 
a year. but prior to here I was actually with a Netswuite partner for about eight years. So I'm Netswuite, 
very familiar with the Mulesoft side. we've done dozens and dozens of integrations throughout the past. 
00:05:00 
Claudia: Right. 
Ryan Albretsen: So I'm sure it's something I've seen before. But just I ask as we're on these calls we're 
here to learn more about your business and ask questions. So, I really do ask for your patience because 
we're gonna ask a whole lot of questions because we don't know about your business, So, as the perfect 
segue to that, I will be introducing you to my VP of technology, Kyash, who is the techn technical guru 
who's going to be asking all those questions. 
kailash chanda: Hi Claudia. I'm Kalash. and as Ryan mentioned, I head the integration and... 
Claudia: Thanks. 
kailash chanda: automation at nice meeting you and looking forward to know more. Thank you. Okay. ... 
Emaun Barfeei: Okay, great. 
Emaun Barfeei: So, sorry. Go ahead. 
kailash chanda: you can start. 

Emaun Barfeei: So, Claudia, I guess Jake kind of briefed us on what was going on here. Essentially, what 
we're hearing is you're trying to pull the Netswuite data, as he's been mentioning, the revenue piece of it 
plus the margin data automatically. And right now this whole process and piece of it is just a import 
export of sheets causing a lot of sprawling and hunting down different information. 
Emaun Barfeei: Sometimes I don't know we're humans we fat finger something and things get messed up. 
and so just overall this is something that you guys are trying to eliminate the manual CSV process or the 
human layer and just move over to the automation side of house. Correct. 
Claudia: Yeah, the one thing that I was bringing up when we started talking about all of the commission 
stuff that I'm doing manually is that we don't have that integration from Salesforce into Netswuite. 
Emaun Barfeei: Mhm. 
Claudia: So when we close deals or whatever it just stops and then I have to manually send everything to 
the accounting team and then they have to go in and set it up. And what I'm used to is that, at other 
companies, you close one that shoots over the information into whatever ERP system you're using. It sets 
up everything. And then accounting has that ability to go into that contract or that revenue element or 
whatever and approve it, and kind of push it along or make any changes. And I know our accounting team, 
which I don't have on here, but our controller, I mean, she would love to have that as well, just to have that 
go in. 
Claudia: and then every month because we don't have a high volume yet but we're getting in more of the 
complex contracts and so if I can have Salesforce set up correctly where we're splitting out the products 
and the terms contract start and end dates and the dollar amounts and those shoot over and... 
Emaun Barfeei: Got it. 
Claudia: set up those line items in Netswuite that would help her out a lot because then she just has to 
review and I can just say yep it's right versus her having to set everything up and ask me all the questions, 
pull all the documents, etc. So, kind of like that, that's that integration of that piece and then also the 
revenue actuals coming out of Netswuite, back to SPIFF or the sales comp, if we have SPIFF set up, how I 
get that back into so I don't have to possibly load files. 
Claudia: I'm okay loading files into a commissions tool. I'm used to that. But, if there's that connector that 
goes both ways,... 
kailash chanda: I think Yeah. 
Claudia: that'd be awesome. but if not, at least have that connector from Salesforce to Netswuite to be 
able to get everything set up and help that piece. 
kailash chanda: Yeah, go ahead. 
Emaun Barfeei: No. 
Emaun Barfeei: I was if you have something, go for it. 
kailash chanda: So Claudia, I do understand initially your sales process starts from Salesforce where you 
kind of have a lead that runs into opportunities and accounts and as you mentioned the contracts or the 

orders then when that get closed you go and create manually or the team or the staff creates manually 
into Netswuite. So in current day situation if you have to let me know that are the line items inside the 
order kind of synced between Salesforce and Netswuite to say that hey this is an X service that is same in 
across both the systems. Okay. 
Claudia: So that's what I'm building. I'm kind of beefing up Salesforce now to be able to get the Netswuite. 
Claudia: So the Netswuite team before it was just kind of all over the board. I don't think I mean they kind 
of knew... 
kailash chanda: Got it. 
Claudia: how Netswuite worked. I haven't been in Netswuite for a while since I was but with the Netswuite 
piece, they're just setting it up to hope it works sometimes, so there's a lot of, they were forcing things in 
or it wasn't getting set up correctly. So, we're just getting to that point of when I came in, it's like, hey, we 
got to sold to customer names, we've got to sync up addresses, we've got to sync up terms, the whole bit. 
So, I'm doing that now, building the Salesforce instance to make sure that I can break that out in hopes to 
have that connector and... 
00:10:00 
kailash chanda: Got it. 
Claudia: that integration to push over 
kailash chanda: So I think if you are kind of building the product or line items right now Claudia I think 
then the system of truth for the products and prices you have to kind of finalize to say that hey whenever 
a new service or product adds in this is the system where I will add it. So that way what happens is the 
sync when we establish kind of makes sure that a new product added randomly inside another system 
doesn't get back right. 
Claudia: Mhm. Yep. Exactly. 
kailash chanda: So if you are thinking Netswuite to be the system of truth for prices and products then 
you have to kind of lay out all the details and add it into Netswuite so that we will build the integration that 
syncs back to Salesforce. 
kailash chanda: So that way the details are aligned and you never see discrepancies. And one thing I 
would like to understand is once the opportunity is in place do you build a quote or is it directly that you 
kind of have to say that hey this is the order and... 
kailash chanda: they create an order inside Netswuite. 
Claudia: ... 
Claudia: the quotes they turned off right before I came. I don't know why. So, I had to rip out a lot that was 
in Salesforce. I'm trying to get back to a workable, instance to be able to have that flow. But yeah, so 
again, that's another manual piece where I'm doing actual quotes and orders manually and then updating 
Salesforce and then the accounting team, I'd email them the information and... 

Claudia: then they go into Salesforce and view it. They don't pull anything over and then they manually 
enter, all of the information into Netswuite. So it's all very disjointed right now and that's where with me 
coming in Salesforce needs to be the first line of information. So same thing is I had to do this at Maxar 
as well as we built the product tables and the pricing in Salesforce and... 
kailash chanda: Okay. Yes,... 
Claudia: that pushed everything to Netswuite but Netswuite also had that connection saying okay we 
have onetoone products built we have one to one pricing tables built etc. but yes, so that's my envision of 
how long we can get there. But yeah. Mhm. 
kailash chanda: I think it is possible. I wouldn't say it's a most common use case that everybody runs into 
when specifically you want to invoice by line items. 
kailash chanda: who don't do the invoices by line items and they just have a random text filled in and if 
you are looking to invoice by line items then the product and prices need to be kind of in sync but the only 
thing when we are syncing on prices assuming if it's not a fixed price for everybody and you have an 
option to give or change depending on the quote then I think we have to induce a discount module or a 
discount option into the invoice that runs through. So that way when there is a difference in the price 
between the listed price and the quote then those will be added as discounts into the invoice. So I think 
once you have the code in Salesforce I think then in current day you push it only into Netswuite once the 
kailash chanda: order is finalized or do you have it even before the order is finalized into Netswuite. 
Claudia: No, they just Yeah. 
Claudia: As soon as we sign the contract or... 
kailash chanda: Okay. 
Claudia: the order, whatever, then it's just basically here's the contract, go set it up, figure it out, but usually 
it's me telling them how to do it and... 
kailash chanda: So, we don't send anything at court level. 
Claudia: set it up. Yeah. Yeah. 
kailash chanda: We send it only when the contract is signed. So, I think that's fair enough. we could do 
that. But once the contract is signed and finalized, they create an order inside Netswuite. And once they 
Netswuite generates a unique order ID. 
kailash chanda: Currently, are you guys going back to Salesforce and updating that ID against the contract 
to have a reference or that's not being done? 
Claudia: We don't have that reference and... 
Claudia: that's a huge problem too is we don't have the opportunity ID flowing into our netswuite record 
and... 
kailash chanda: Let's ID back into 

Claudia: we don't have any of the netswuite identifiers revenue elements or anything flowing back so 
when I do actual compensation I'm taking line items at a net suite and... 
00:15:00 
Claudia: I'm trying to match them to my Salesforce opportunities because we may have one customer 
with 10 different opportunities and the way it comes in Netswuite is just the customer name. The way it's 
set up right now in the reports we have it has no sales rep in there. It has nothing in there. Sorry. 
Netswuite is very bare bones basically... 
kailash chanda: Got it. 
kailash chanda: I get it. Yes, it's got it. 
Claudia: because no one knew how to set it up I don't think. Yeah. I mean that would be great... 
kailash chanda: And once the invoice is raised, I think the contract has the payment terms as well. maybe 
I'd assume it being a single payment or a multiple payment terms that in then my expectation is the 
invoice once it's raised against the order, we go back and update Salesforce with that particular invoice 
number and the payment date or due date and the amount, right? 
kailash chanda: Do you want even the payment statuses to be updated back Claudia to say that hey for 
this invoice the payment has been received so you go back and update into Salesforce exactly it's 
possible to get the payment updates as well whenever 
Claudia: because the finance team uses all of that for their forecasting for their cash and payment terms 
and so if it does change at least we get both systems updated with the same information. 
kailash chanda: there is a payment update, we push it back to Salesforce against the invoice. but yes, I'm 
not sure if currently your Salesforce account and... 
kailash chanda: opportunity is configured with all this otherwise we would need to kind of do that. but it is 
possible. I think the last one I would say is once the order is inside Netswuite do you foresee any updates 
to the order or is that something that generally happens or is that not a scenario? Perfect. Okay,... 
Claudia: I haven't seen it as much,... 
Claudia: happen, at all. Yeah. I don't think so. 
kailash chanda: then I think I'll kind of park that aside. update and cancel of orders is not something that 
happens. So we can leave that aside. Apart from this into Salesforce and net with Claudia, do you see any 
other interaction that I missed out or you would like to see it in a future state? 
Claudia: I think most of it is just those two connections for now... 
Claudia: because those are our main systems. We don't have a lot of other systems that interact yet. And 
we're also,... 
kailash chanda: Got it. 

Claudia: we're updating and we're changing a lot of different accounting systems or HR systems. So, a lot 
of that's not coming into play yet. 
kailash chanda: Perfect. I think from the Salesforce and I am good. Claudia, thank you. 
Emaun Barfeei: Claudia, I am curious besides yourself ... 
Emaun Barfeei: who else is excited or concerned about how the current process is and excited to change 
it? 
Claudia: I think a lot of people are just... 
Claudia: because when I started a little over a year probably about a year and a half ago I was purposely 
brought in to get process policies in place systems going and working. So, not everything's manual. our 
whole accounting team is pretty much turned over and so they're kind of getting into why is it set up this 
way and they're trying to enhance that as well but I mean pretty much I don't know... 
Emaun Barfeei: Mhm. Got it. 
Claudia: how many times I've been told if you need systems if you need enhancements let's start talking 
about it let's get budgets what can we do what will be a big impact for the team and a lot of it is just real 
time updated information and not having to rely on someone, updating spreadsheets or pulling, stuff 
themselves. So, it's really just, getting that and there's been a lot of disconnect, it's like, wait, this is set up 
wrong in Netswuite. This is what we have in Salesforce. it's a lot of disconnect. So, there's a lot of manual 
Emaun Barfeei: Got it. Okay. So, b b b b b b b based on what it's saying a lot of people are facing if this is a 
one to tail 10 scale, would you rank this more on 910 urgency needed? 
Claudia: Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yep. 
Emaun Barfeei: Okay. 
Emaun Barfeei: And you did mention that you guys if you're the one that's probably responsible for going 
to get budget for this. Has there been budget set aside for it or Okay. 
Claudia:  
Claudia: Not a specific amount. there's budget for improvements system, enhancements and stuff. So, it's 
kind of like and again, with Leo Labs, they were a startup. We're kind of that scale up, trying to get over to, 
a lot of people who have been hired have been with larger companies, so we're trying to push Leo Labs to, 
that other side. so the budgets it's just a big pool right now,... 
00:20:00 
Emaun Barfeei: Mhm. Sure. Yeah. 
Claudia: So we're starting to allocate, the different budgets and stuff like that. So my budget is part of it 
sitting in sales and part of it sitting in finance, ... 
Claudia: wherever that budget goes, I just have to make sure I grab my piece, when I'm like, "Hey, no, I 
want this much." So, it's kind of like that point. 

Emaun Barfeei: And it sounds like both sales and... 
Emaun Barfeei: and operations as well as finance would probably be on board with this because this is a 
huge issue that we're facing today. 
Claudia: Yeah. It would make their lives so much easier as well. And we could close faster, ... 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah, absolutely. 
Claudia: as well. 
Emaun Barfeei: And how much faster would you say you would be able to close... 
Emaun Barfeei: if this issue was resolved? 
Claudia: I know that... 
Claudia: because right now for such a small company, and not a huge volume yet, they wait till the very 
end, and this is part of the Netswuite problem as well, but they wait till the very end to create new 
contracts,... 
Claudia: to run any Revreck schedules, to run the billing, instead of letting it run. I'm used to stuff running 
as you go. they wait till the very end. So it takes them 14 to 17 days just to close and... 
Emaun Barfeei: Wow. 
Claudia: yeah so I'm just kind of like hey come on it's like shouldn't be that hard come on it's not that much 
volume... 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah. Yeah,... 
Claudia: but it's just someone just sitting there keying stuff in. So it does take a lot of time. 
Emaun Barfeei: of course. And like me, I'm not the most detail- oriented person, but focusing even like I'm 
my most focused, me typing something in, I'm sure I'm gonna fat finger something and... 
Emaun Barfeei: mess something up. so adding an extra zero to someone's commission check would 
probably be really Good for them. That's 
Claudia: Yeah. Yeah. 
Claudia: They was loving it. 
Jake Fritz: That's a good day. 
Claudia: I know. 
Jake Fritz: That's a good day. 
Claudia: That's the worst when you have to go back. It's like, "Hey, I kind of gave you too much." Yeah,... 
Emaun Barfeei: Exactly. Yeah. you want to avoid things like that. 

Jake Fritz: We don't like the clawback,... 
Emaun Barfeei: Of course,... 
Jake Fritz: please, Claudia. We don't want any. 
Claudia: I know. Exactly. You're like, "Really? Yeah. 
Jake Fritz: It's good that 
Emaun Barfeei: as long as the zero's on the right end of it, I'm okay with that, But So in terms of timeline 
and how quickly you guys are able been wanting to move it sounds like it's pretty urgent but from your 
guys' timeline perspective when's something like this going into implementation ideal for you guys? 
Claudia: For me, I won it yesterday, but of course, it always depends, on the cost and when ELT wants to 
say, hey, no, we don't want to incur this cost if it's a higher cost till Q3 or Q4. So, it's all going to be just 
dependent. I don't really have a time frame. 
Claudia: it's something that, I'm just engaging in finally have time to say, "Hey, let's start talking about this. 
can What would the cost be?" so then I can go back, to ELT and say, "Hey, look, here's the cost. Here's the 
time, this is what it's going to save." So, I have to do all that, due diligence on the back end as well. 
Emaun Barfeei: Got it. 
Emaun Barfeei: Got it. Yeah. I mean the specific product that does solve for something like this would be 
integration starter packaging that we have is the anypoint platform which does solve for the mulesoft 2 
Im Salesforce to netswuite integration piece of it and with you guys being such a longtime customer with 
us and whatnot like we're happy to work with you guys giving you guys the SMB pricing and whatnot. 
Emaun Barfeei: So just work if we can all work together, we can make sure we work the pricing out that 
that's suitable for you guys at the end of the day. 
Claudia: Yep, that works. 
Jake Fritz: and a few things too. I mean, just looking at with the growth ahead, I know that was part of the 
Smith consideration was you want to, get something set up before these new reps come on board, before 
these big deals start closing and you're dealing with this headache when it's, crunch time. and so that's 
one thing too you mentioned kind of showcasing the ROI. That's again I get to operate in all corners of 
business being the core rep here but it's something that I have a business value service team and I'm sure 
the data skate teams even got some references around it but that's why we're asking all these questions 
about how much time would you save how much quicker could you get that quote out and it's something 
that we can actually help to tailor that we help to make the case for you so I know you've got a very very 
full plate also know we're connected in Slack... 
Claudia: Yeah, absolutely. 
Jake Fritz: if you're okay with it we can kind 
Jake Fritz: async there if we have some one-off questions for you. But something we can make it easy. 
That's the whole goal of this. I had mentioned in the spiff call that as an org we are much more focused 
on our customers success now than we It used to kind of be a joke that hey if they want to trit let them go 

and they'll come back. that's not really how we play anymore. and so with that I just want to make sure 
that we don't need to rush this at all. just that came up and again I know that there's going to be growth 
ahead. So timelinewise happy to work alongside you and really just wanted to make sure we're getting you 
all of the answers to take to your leadership and to be dangerous. 
00:25:00 
Emaun Barfeei: Okay. 
Jake Fritz: And I guess my last thing would be, not to put the data skate team on the spot here, but just 
timing wise from what you've heard, is this, ... 
Jake Fritz: is doable? Is that, a discovery call and say things worked out in a couple weeks? Just general 
ballpark timelines just for Claudia's reference because 
kailash chanda: No. Yeah. 
kailash chanda: I think if Claudia has majority of the Netswuite side of it set up then I think we are looking 
around close to six to seven weeks approximately. But once I get to the team I can get you an exact 
number. But the first two weeks generally Claudia what we do is we try to gather every detail of info on 
what exactly the requirements is and what do you want because now we discussed at a high level the 
team would work with you and understand and prepare a requirement doc and the second week is 
basically team would kind of put forward a design and show you that okay how does it work what 
happens when it fails how does it alert you and so on all these considerations by the second week and 
the remaining weeks is when the develop 
kailash chanda: velopment happens and then they complete the testing and give it to you at the end of the 
whole implementation time once they validate they give it to you say that hey you could do a sandbox 
testing make sure everything is working as expected and... 
Claudia: Okay. 
kailash chanda: then we go live so approximately I'm thinking around six to seven weeks... 
kailash chanda: but I will put down discuss with the team and come 
Jake Fritz: It's just another kind of metric that we can help just as we make the case with leadership. 
Jake Fritz: Again, this is something that they're looking about their whole, quote to cache process too that 
it's not just a quick stamp of approval. There's some more things to discuss around it. So, I know we're 
getting into time too. just wanted to see ... 
Claudia: Yeah. 
Jake Fritz: Iman if there was anything else big on your radar, but I guess next step from my end. I would 
plan to spin up a channel with the five of us if that's good on your end, Claudia. and again, the goal there is 
we can do some resource sharing. We can check in on, one-off questions just to help build that case. and 
then again, I'm sure there's some things that'll come up on your end or a leader tells you something new 
next week that's a new problem that you can then quickly. So, 

Claudia: And I can also bring in Christine who's our controller as well... 
Emaun Barfeei: Fantastic. 
Claudia: who does all of the revenue side of the business in Netswuite. since I stepped out of that a little 
bit. she's more the expert. So I mean she's definitely seen the same things I've seen and she's come from 
companies where we have that back and... 
Claudia: forth between the systems as well. So she'll be a good asset. 
Jake Fritz: Haven't seen Christine's name. 
Jake Fritz: You want me to add her? Are you good? If I spin that channel up, you could get her added in 
there. 
Claudia: Yeah, I can add her in. 
Claudia: Yeah, because I'll ping her and let her know that I started the conversation. So, then she'll know 
with some of the questions, she can answer probably better than I can since she's from the Netswuite 
site... 
Claudia: since it's been a while since I've been in it, except for just recently. but she's been digging into 
more of how it's set up since she came on board. It's been a long time. 
Jake Fritz: That's not my language. 
Jake Fritz: I don't speak netswuite. So, we got here and talking in there. 
Claudia: When I came here, I'm like, " wow. We use netswuite. Okay. I'm used to Oracle, SAP," Yeah. 
Ryan Albretsen: Nice. ... 
kailash chanda: But Claudia,... 
kailash chanda: if Net needs any customization, do you have that in-house capability to kind of get that 
done or... 
Claudia: No, we don't have any expertise,... 
kailash chanda: how is it? Okay, I don't see it,... 
Claudia: on Netswuite at all. I mean, there's just Christine has Yeah,... 
Ryan Albretsen: wait. Yeah,... 
kailash chanda: but I just wanted to cut Okay. 
Claudia: I think they had pulled in someone I think right before I started to help with some of the inventory 
side of the house. and of course I put my requests in and I never got them, but then I got access to 
Netswuite finally and at least in the sandbox. So, I'm going to start poking around and refamiliarize myself 
with it to try to see what's changed since the last time I looked at it. Yes. Yeah. 

Ryan Albretsen: we can definitely help support you on that side too. We have some Netswuite experts on 
our side that we can kind of help guide you as well as you kind of dig back into it. 
Ryan Albretsen: I know you said you were at Oracle Before they probably became that sweet though. 
Claudia: Yeah. because I think we used Netswuite way back in the day. 
kailash chanda: What's good? 
Claudia: You guys are probably too young for that... 
Ryan Albretsen: Yeah. Really? 
00:30:00 
Claudia: but we used it as a sole CRM tool. that's when I was with Sun Micros Systemystems. We started 
with using Netswuite as the CRM tool. 
Ryan Albretsen: As a CRM? 
Claudia: Yeah. Yeah,... 
Ryan Albretsen: That's not something they're really known for. 
Emaun Barfeei: Yeah, that's a throwback. 
Claudia: it was way back then. 
Emaun Barfeei: I actually started with Oracle in 2016 when they just acquired Netswuite,... 
Ryan Albretsen: Awesome. 
Claudia: Yeah. ... 
Ryan Albretsen: Nice. 
Emaun Barfeei: So, that's funny. 
Claudia: yeah. Yeah. That's funny. It's amazing how they come around again. 
Ryan Albretsen: Absolutely. Yeah,... 
Jake Fritz: I'm glad we got you on a real CRM,... 
Jake Fritz: Claudia, and looking to appropriately too. So, I see we're at time here. Claudia, this was 
awesome. Appreciate all the engagement in data skate. Iman can't thank you guys enough for coming 
prepared as well. I'll get that channel spun up in a minute and... 
Claudia: Yeah. Yeah. 
Ryan Albretsen: Awesome. 

Claudia: Thanks, guys. 
Jake Fritz: then we can kind of async. 
Jake Fritz: We're finishing our quarter,... 
Jake Fritz: Claudia, so we can just touch base again next week and just pick it up as ... 
Claudia: Okay,... 
Jake Fritz: your week progresses,... 
Claudia:  
Claudia: sounds Great. Thanks. 
kailash chanda: Perfect. Thank you. 
Jake Fritz: right? Bye. 
Ryan Albretsen: Great to meet you,... 
Claudia: quite nice to me as 
Emaun Barfeei: Thank you,... 
Ryan Albretsen: Claudia. We'll see you guys. Bye. 
Emaun Barfeei: Claudia. Yeah. 
kailash chanda: Nice. Bye. 
Meeting ended after 00:31:08  
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text 
after it was created.