Peerless-DailySync
Wed, Apr 15, 2026

0:24 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Hi, Brent.

0:26 - Brian Cook
Hey, Venkat. How are you doing?

0:30 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Yeah, good, Brent.

0:31 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
How about you?

0:33 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
It's afternoon, right, for you?

0:35 - Brian Cook
Too good, yeah. It's afternoon here.

0:42 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Can we start off with the configuration of the computer is? Hey, hi, Ashley.

0:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:54 - Ashley Salerno
Hey, Ashley.

0:57 - Ashley Salerno
I want to warn you now, there's going to be a couple of times where you may need something and I may look disheveled. The crew is putting up rack in the crew, the shop is putting up racking in the next door to me and it's literally drilling into my wall and then they're hammering into my wall. But when I tell you about it, and if you can hear it, and to say no because I have a lovely computer that has noise canceling, but I'm deliberately and literally losing my mind over here. So I'll be trying to hear you or I might ask you to say it again and again and it's going to get tough, but bear with me.

1:38 - Brian Cook
Yeah, I know how it is. I've been in offices where there's been construction all around me and it drives me crazy.

1:45 - Ashley Salerno
Well and I feel bad because It's like, I know everybody on the other end is like, lady, like, listen up. And I'm going, I, you don't understand what's happening over here. And it's like, no, I don't. Cause I can't hear it. And I'm like, I'm not crazy. Maybe a little, but I'm really not.

2:03 - Brian Cook
All right. I'm logging into computeries now. Do you want me to log into the, um, production computeries? Fantastic.

2:14 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
No, you can log into the sandbox.

2:16 - Brian Cook
Okay. I forget what Mario said. Do you remember which company was the sandbox one?

2:23 - Ashley Salerno
Um, I have it. I believe it was.

2:28 - Unidentified Speaker
I do see a practice tab.

2:30 - Brian Cook
Yes, it's a practice one.

2:31 - Brian Cook
It's a practice zero, I think.

2:35 - Ashley Salerno
Let me see. I wrote it down in my notes. It's the wrong notebook. One second. Going to the drive because I saved it for our team here.

2:56 - Unidentified Speaker
I'll share my screen too.

3:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Just give me a minute. I'll just grab my earphones.

3:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

3:50 - Unidentified Speaker
practice login is P3.

4:01 - Brian Cook
user ID works here. I haven't tested it. It works. I'm in.

4:10 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't like your view. It looks terrible. What looks terrible? You said your view. I don't like your view.

4:17 - Brian Cook
Oh, how do I change it?

4:20 - Ashley Salerno
If you go to and then change it to classic instead of workflow.

4:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay.

4:32 - Ashley Salerno
Then that way it makes it easier to see.

4:34 - Brian Cook
You can actually tell me what to click on, you'll know.

4:38 - Ashley Salerno
I don't like the other one. The other one I have to click on a couple of different things just to get around.

4:44 - Brian Cook
All right, so what are my next steps? Sir, Venkat, what do you need me to do?

4:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Are you having him configure the same way you had me to see if he could do it?

5:01 - Ashley Salerno
I think he's frozen.

5:07 - Unidentified Speaker
He's definitely frozen, at least on my end.

5:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

5:11 - Unidentified Speaker
On to APM.

5:14 - Ashley Salerno
We lost you.

5:15 - Ashley Salerno
OK, let me just see.

5:24 - Unidentified Speaker
I think he will rejoin us.

5:30 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Am I audible now?

5:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

5:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I can hear you.

5:33 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

5:35 - Unidentified Speaker
So just give me a second.

5:39 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Let me pull out the steps. Brent, do you remember like last time we have to this API management? Max, what's the screen?

6:00 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't remember.

6:03 - Unidentified Speaker
OK,

6:06 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Are you able to see something like a program?

6:11 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Configure, can you just go to the configure?

6:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, here's configure.

6:15 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Configure. You mean that it was system program?

6:19 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Management.

6:23 - Ashley Salerno
Yesterday, we were able to see API management, right, Brian? Today, I'm not able to see that in the list.

6:29 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Well, I'm in the practice environment. Do you want me to go to production?

6:32 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yesterday, also, we were in the sandbox environment only, right? Like, we didn't go to production yesterday, also. The P3 or something, which is sandbox.

6:43 - Unidentified Speaker
I've never logged into the sandbox until just now. Oh, OK.

6:50 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, because yesterday saw that, but today I'm not able to see that option here. Yeah. Can we go to production once and see if that is available there?

6:59 - Brian Cook
It's under configure user. No. All right. Yeah. Let me log out and then I'll log back in. Can't log off while programs are active. There we go. All right, so let's switch to live number three.

7:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Configuring.

7:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, it could be because I was in the other room.

7:33 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah, I was about to say that. I wonder if it's because of the let me switch. I put you down the wrong path. I'm sorry.

7:43 - Brian Cook
Well, configure many APIs before, Ashley, so I won't hold it against you there. All right. How do I switch to the other? View. Okay.

7:53 - Unidentified Speaker
And then workflow menu.

7:55 - Brian Cook
Okay. Here we go. Configure. Yeah, I don't menu here, plus it's under system parameters. Nope.

8:11 - Unidentified Speaker
It's the configuration. Programs.

8:16 - Brian Cook
Maybe they don't have it for sandbox. Maybe it's only for production. Maybe use the same API for both.

8:26 - Unidentified Speaker
No, maybe the feature has to be enabled at the user level. Maybe our admin access has to be provided for that specific, that would be an admin.

8:35 - Ashley Salerno
Do me a favor really quick. Go change your view really quick just so I can even see it for me just for a minute. All right. Go to accounts payable for a minute or job costing system. Job maintenance. You don't even have the full edit access. So that could be why you're going to have to ask Jean to give you more access. Because you should be able to, in job maintenance, be able to see how to delete or edit a job, like to delete a job, and what have you. There's a lot more menus that you don't have access to. You have my access, which isn't going to help you. I don't even delete anything in computer ease. She's going to have to give you full access.

9:23 - Brian Cook
OK. But Brian, I think yesterday you were able to see it because I was logged into the production environment. So let me try to log into there.

9:41 - Unidentified Speaker
You could even try trulink maybe because you don't use the user name password.

9:52 - Brian Cook
See API access management. I didn't have that. Before. On the other, such as permissions in the other one, she didn't give me permissions in the sandbox environment. So do you want to try this here just to confirm that you can connect via API?

10:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, so this is production.

10:12 - Unidentified Speaker
This is production. Yeah.

10:14 - Brian Cook
Oh, yeah.

10:17 - Brian Cook
I mean, you can run gets that will do it.

10:20 - Unidentified Speaker
sandbox, Brian.

10:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Can we what?

10:25 - Brian Cook
Okay. We only do the get.

10:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, what do you want me to click?

10:33 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
I think we can go ahead and call on figure in production, Brian, we will only do the get better. Can you go ahead?

10:45 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm hearing about every third word you're for now.

10:49 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
We'll be configuring in the production, but we will be doing only the get operation, not any kind of a post operation with respect to the product.

10:55 - Brian Cook
Yeah, that's what I was saying. Yes. Where do you want me to click?

10:59 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Access management. Okay. So we are able to see what the user that we have created a spirit, then it's fine. You can close it.

11:07 - Brian Cook
Now go to the API users.

11:13 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Manage users.

11:17 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't see anything that says users on this game API access management.

11:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

11:24 - Unidentified Speaker
That's where we just were.

11:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Give me a minute. I'm just going through the steps.

11:29 - Brian Cook
Oh, there's access groups here. Do I have to give you an access group?

11:32 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Yeah. You have to click on the access group and

11:35 - Brian Cook
Oh, I think we were going to make one. Right?

11:38 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Yeah. You have to.

11:41 - Brian Cook
Okay. So I think that might be under here. Oh, this is probably Jean going in.

11:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you be able to zoom your screen a little bit?

11:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Um, I can try. Nope.

12:00 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
The computer is old habits. You can maybe try to access.

12:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Is that better?

12:10 - Brian Cook
Yeah, yeah. Way better.

12:12 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

12:18 - Brian Cook
Yeah, this is locked by another user, so I can't do anything. It's probably Gene going in as admin and changing my permissions right now.

12:26 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
So it is asking to create an user. Actually we have done the users what is the group click on API access management on the API access management double click on the user okay I can edit not edit that access groups. No, they're only once you have clicked on the user, right? It was showing us to add access groups.

13:09 - Unidentified Speaker
There's no access groups. That's what I'm saying.

13:11 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
We need to click on the next one to create. There's one more button, right? Yeah, you can try to give a name.

13:23 - Brian Cook
I'll I think we have to go into this menu right here. And we're locked because another user is in here.

13:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Jean's not doing it, by the way. She's not at her computer.

13:51 - Brian Cook
I don't know. Maybe we have Marius in here or did you guys ask Marius to do anything in here for you?

14:03 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no, no.

14:14 - Brian Cook
Is there a way to the list of users that are logged in right now?

14:20 - Unidentified Speaker
There is, and I don't know how to do it.

14:22 - Unidentified Speaker
I think you just have admin permissions to do it. I might have admin permissions, though.

14:29 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
But that is with respect to the data access management, right? So you would be giving us the access to the objects, not to the API-level access. So can you just try to read it? When you clicked on the user, right, it was showing you, sorry, API key, right? Can you just click on the user? Double-click, I mean, edit.

14:55 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Nothing happens when I double-click. I've double-clicked it like 100 times. Edit, edit. The only thing you could do is edit, yeah. And then the only option here is to add a group, and there's no groups to add it to.

15:07 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Can you write the name, begin with?

15:09 - Brian Cook
I already did.

15:12 - Unidentified Speaker
There's nothing. If nothing shows up there in the lookup, what he's getting at is nothing's going to populate because there's nothing that's been created underneath the group set.

15:20 - Brian Cook
And the only way to create it is under here and I'm locked out of here. I can't get into there.

15:25 - Ashley Salerno
Uh, Raghuram, in that case, once we get the sandbox, uh, user for, uh, Q tag is...

15:33 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
So, Brian, can we ask, uh, Marius, uh, to create, uh, like give full access to your user and also like if we can create a user for us with our Peerless email and give a full access to the sandbox, then we can do it ourselves and try testing it.

15:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

15:51 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Let me, let me message him now. Yeah. Do you have access to your Datascape email?

16:01 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yes. Yes, we do. Okay.

16:04 - Brian Cook
And one more thing that we eat from

16:07 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.

16:13 - Brian Cook
We requested him for the HD. He sent it.

16:24 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Just 10-15 minutes back he sent it.

16:44 - Unidentified Speaker
What exact access do we need, Brian? What application would we need?

16:49 - Unidentified Speaker
We don't need any application, I just need, hold on one second, I feel like I'm going to sneeze.

16:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Bless you, ahead of time.

16:58 - Brian Cook
It's not happening, that's a really weird feeling. So we need, I need full admin access to Sandbox.

17:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Full admin access to Sandbox.

17:10 - Brian Cook
And then I need whatever access she gave me in Sandbox in production.

17:14 - Unidentified Speaker
And then whatever access he has in production in the Sandbox.

17:18 - Brian Cook
No, whatever access I have in sandbox in production.

17:23 - Ashley Salerno
Whatever access he has in sandbox into production. Sorry, I thought it was vice versa. No, we're in computeries. OK. That's what I thought. So OK. What other portion could I try to get from Marius since I have him on the phone? Because he doesn't have access to any of this.

18:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Marius doesn't have computer use?

18:33 - Unidentified Speaker
No. OK.

18:34 - Ashley Salerno
So I guess that's a question for them if Marius can't do it.

18:38 - Ashley Salerno
Sorry.

18:40 - Brian Cook
Anything else you need from Marius? Can you guys hear us?

18:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:56 - Brian Cook
Is there anything else you need from Marius? Marius doesn't have access to computer. So we have to wait for Jean on that. Okay. Okay. Later today. Anything else while she has Marius on the phone you need access to?

19:10 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No, not currently right. Bharath, we already have a HD portal APIs keys what he sent. Do you need anything else?

19:21 - Brian Cook
No, Raghuram.

19:23 - Unidentified Speaker
You were saying something?

19:25 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I was unable to copy those credentials that he has shared via email. I'm not sure whether whether it's issue of my laptop or the email.

19:37 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I can see it.

19:38 - Unidentified Speaker
I will give it to you.

19:40 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
I am able to see it, but I couldn't be able to copy it. Or my mouse's pad is not working.

19:47 - Unidentified Speaker
No, you can't copy that because we sent it through a confidential email. So you won't be able to copy. You have to type it.

19:54 - Unidentified Speaker
What you can do is do a screenshot, dump it into an AI tool, and tell them to tell it to you. That's what I always do with that.

20:03 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
That is what I was about to do.

20:05 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
Careful though, AI can hallucinate, so you may get a wrong password. Don't lock yourself out.

20:17 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Jean, sorry, Brian, so what will be the ETA to get this computer ease access for us, Sandbox?

20:27 - Brian Cook
Well, she's not near her computer today. She might be on PTO. When I didn't answer that, that would be my fault. Because I didn't know. But she said she can try to get it done completed tonight.

20:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

20:41 - Ashley Salerno
Can you can you do me a favor, though? Can you send Brian and I an email and list out exactly what is needed? And Brian, would you mind sending us a couple screenshots so that we can send that to Jean for exactly what we need just to be sure that we're getting it correctly and across appropriately? Yeah, I'll send a screen so then she knows what we're trying to do. So then maybe she can help better. So then we don't have this back and forth. Oh. This is working now.

21:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Whatever user was in there was out. OK, so do you want me to create a group?

21:13 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah, we can try in production. Bharat, can you guide? What is the next step? I think now we are able to create access group.

21:22 - Brian Cook
OK, just give me a minute.

21:28 - Ashley Salerno
I don't know if I'm allowed to create. This is the access group. No buttons work.

21:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

21:38 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't think I have the permissions to do it.

21:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Either that or we're not doing it correctly because we have no idea. Access group, field ad group not found.

21:52 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

21:54 - Ashley Salerno
Will you take out MuleSoft just in general and see if there's any group in there? And just hit the magnifying glass.

22:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, there we go.

22:04 - Ashley Salerno
Sorry.

22:04 - Ashley Salerno
Really weird.

22:06 - Ashley Salerno
Computer is a dinosaur. You have to be patient with it. Otherwise, it will throw up on you. So we have to be very careful.

22:15 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
So what do you guys need here?

22:20 - Unidentified Speaker
For now, give all.

22:24 - Ashley Salerno
I don't think we need payroll data. Brian, so apart from payroll, if there is any confidential and classified information, let's not use that, Bharat. I think jobs is the one we needed, so you can put jobs, subcontracts.

22:44 - Ashley Salerno
I they might need, like, for subcontracts, I don't know if that would be, I'm trying to think, because subcontracts is a field that's within the jobs, but I don't know if it's subcontracts or subcontracts. They don't need payroll departments. They don't need that. I believe they would need, I believe they may need cost types. Let me go look and see all fields. So then maybe I can answer this a lot better.

23:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you click on send job totals as well?

23:23 - Ashley Salerno
I don't If they don't need inventory items, I do not believe they need vendors. Cost types would make sense. Subcontracts, I mean, that makes sense to me. Job totals make sense.

23:35 - Unidentified Speaker
How about service work orders?

23:40 - Ashley Salerno
I feel like they do, but I'm trying to remember what field loops into that. One second.

23:58 - Brian Cook
This is an ancient system.

24:01 - Ashley Salerno
It is.

24:03 - Unidentified Speaker
I feel like I've traveled back to the 90s.

24:07 - Ashley Salerno
You definitely have. This definitely it. All right, so let's do Okay. All right, so cost types, they wouldn't need, because cost types is like inventory and what have you. They need, job they need, that's needed. Vendors no service work. I don't know the answer to that one.

25:13 - Brian Cook
Well, they're just doing a get. So let's start with this for now. And then if there's anything else they've determined they need throughout their testing, then we can do that. OK. I don't know if I just created the group. I said OK there. Yep, I did. Cool. So now I can give you guys that group. There we go.

25:40 - Unidentified Speaker
See, we're learning things together.

25:41 - Brian Cook
Yeah, so now you should be able to do a get, guys.

25:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

25:48 - Ashley Salerno
I thought this was the production environment. I thought the other one was the practice, by the way. This is production.

25:53 - Brian Cook
I didn't have access to do it in practice, but they're only going to do a get command, which doesn't update data. It only pulls data. So they're testing their code to see if they can pull data. So they're always. Okay. All right, guys, I only have three minutes and have to drop anything else pressing you need from me.

26:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you just confirm like this computer is being computer is being hosted on the GCP right.

26:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

26:25 - Brian Cook
Can we be able to get the GCP host, so that we can connect to this computer.

26:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

26:37 - Brian Cook
Let me switch to, where is it? Peerless fence. Okay, console.

26:46 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Is there any DNS name configured for this computer use app, Brian? Like might be peerless.computer is in GCP?

26:56 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't know.

26:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

26:58 - Brian Cook
You tell me where to look for that I'll show you, but I can tell you where the server is. Okay. It's not, it's not a web application. It's hosted on an actual VM. And then here's the VM right here. This primary computer is VM. Here's the internal IP and the external IP. Do you guys want me to zoom in more so you can take a screenshot?

27:24 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, can you make a note of it?

27:41 - Brian Cook
Here's network details if you need it. Information.

27:46 - Brian Cook
I think the service account number will be the We're allowing, I can't believe they're doing this.

27:58 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 2
This is a really, really poor practice right here for security.

28:04 - Brian Cook
What is that?

28:06 - Brian Cook
That means anyone on the internet can try to log into this server.

28:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Anyone?

28:11 - Brian Cook
Yeah, there's no firewall. They could put in a username and password and keep trying and trying and trying until they get in.

28:18 - Brian Cook
That's scary.

28:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. I thought we fixed this. Able to change the client.

28:23 - Brian Cook
No, I'm going to have to fix this. They're allowing SSH and RDP from anywhere, which is really bad practice.

28:30 - Ashley Salerno
That's why we're fixing everything as we go today, Brian. Yes. We are finding all the problems.

28:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

28:36 - Brian Cook
All right. You guys want to check?

28:40 - Ashley Salerno
I got one minute.

28:43 - Brian Cook
Brian, we are able to see that host name, right? If you scroll a little up there. Little up. Yeah, this one service account number. Let me take the screenshot.

28:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

29:01 - Brian Cook
Yeah, you should be able to already be right to that security. Alright guys, I gotta go. I'm sorry if there's anything else you need. Send me an email and I'll get back to a little later. Okay. Yeah. All right, have a good one, everyone.

29:22 - Unidentified Speaker
How are we doing?

29:26 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Good, actually. Yesterday, after our call, we were able to map the process. We are still mapping it. So today, since we have another 30 minutes, if we can continue from the point where we left so that we can have that also into consideration while we are mapping the automations and all those things.

29:46 - Ashley Salerno
Okay, so where we left off yesterday was, I mean, we've done how to enter a job. So you need me to enter another job for you?

29:58 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
No, entering job, we are good. So like you told like a once sales rep makes it closed one. So that's when like it comes to your, like your team. So I want to understand what your team does like to take it to the like a final step or like I don't know if any other teams are involved to take it to the final step when the job is done, money received, everything closed, okay, this is done.

30:23 - Unidentified Speaker
So, but that's what I mean though. So you're going to need to watch me enter a job and review all the information again, because that's what would happen.

30:30 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Can we use the same one what we used yesterday and move it to the next steps?

30:36 - Unidentified Speaker
The opportunity which like, again, to enter the job?

30:42 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, exactly. OK. But do we need to, again, do it from HD portal, actually, like create a lead in HD portal and do all the steps?

30:54 - Ashley Salerno
We don't know. I can use the same one as yesterday. OK.

30:56 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that's what I want to do. Yeah, yeah.

30:58 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

30:58 - Unidentified Speaker
All right, give me a minute here.

31:06 - Ashley Salerno
And Raghuram, in the meantime, actually I was telling a couple of education edge cases and correspondingly the couple of cases where it shouldn't be a valid ones, right? So should we get the documentation of all those or how?

31:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Which edge cases, Bharat? I didn't get it.

31:31 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
At the time of filling out the doc, if within the doc, was yes and no both options are selected those cases okay because she will be comparing the doc right so we would be giving that doc to the idp and we'll try to extract the content that is there and we will be evaluating with the data that we have in bond to what you say salesforce right yeah like from yesterday's meeting we can like create those rules and get it validated with Ashley Bharat.

32:06 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Like are these rules what Ashley is checking currently manually?

32:11 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Ashley has told a couple of rules only. Like there might be some more, right? So that's the reason I was mentioning.

32:22 - Conference Room (Raghuram Potluri) - Speaker 1
Okay. Ashley, can you comment on that? On that? You're on mute, Ashley.

32:34 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm one of those. I'm sorry. Can you repeat that question?

32:39 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 2
Ashley, yesterday you was mentioning a couple of the edge cases or the error kind of scenarios, right? Like where the agent look back into the document, like let's just say there are two k, uh two yes, yes I mean there is an option of yes and no but he is not supposed to select both; he's only was supposed to select only yes. Yeah, yeah, like that we have a couple of other uh edges, right? Uh, we have a total related one, uh where the total has to be equal to the total that has been entered in the top, so like those a couple of mentioned a few but as per the dog that I have received from Raghuram there were a few more rules that are there. So can we get all those rules in a document?

33:31 - Ashley Salerno
So the rules should be pretty much outlined here in the slides right like it says like new contract or change order and then it says like signed contract like what's needed and then you go down Nope, this is not the right one. This is it. All right, so for the Home Depot side, this is exactly it. Okay, so like new contract, change order, what's needed inside of Salesforce. So then if you go further down, like on the contracts, it's like, you know, what 299A? The measurements need to be completed, right? Here's some acceptable drawings. You know, take down Holloway. Boxes checked. Holloway, yes. How much takedown? As shown. It needs to be as shown. And like notes, things of that, you know, what are we removing? Additional charge. No, no, no. It shows the boxes being selected. Do you need more than this?

34:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Because I've gone through this doc before the video, I couldn't be able to understand it full-fledged. I'll just go through this doc once again. At the time of development also, I will be taking the clarifications. Yeah. I think that should be sufficient. Those things should be sufficient.

35:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

35:10 - Ashley Salerno
If I need to do more, like let me know or tell me, you know, give me a list of, you know, questions that you have and I can, I can respond to them. Like if you feel that like, it's not clarifying enough, like it says 99% down 75% with manager approval. Um, you know, we've got $5 per foot.

35:39 - Unidentified Speaker
So basically for all these kind of edge cases, it should be notified to you. I mean, to you or the whoever is the agent, right? For that agent to be notified, right?

35:54 - Ashley Salerno
What do you mean by that agent? Like to flag it?

35:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Huh?

35:59 - Ashley Salerno
Yeah.

36:01 - Ashley Salerno
so like right now everything would come to me.

36:04 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
What we are doing, like, if in case let's just select consider yesterday's scenario, where you have yes and no, but the person who was filling the doc has selected both the one, both yes and no. Now in this case what what happens, what's the next?

36:22 - Ashley Salerno
What I can do and this might be something that might help what I can do is like for instance here's our entry and hold list, and I can share this with you, where there's mistakes on these projects, right? Something's wrong with them. Like this one doesn't have a quote. This one, let me see, this one, that stock box for 299A isn't checked. So like, is it ordered material or is it special order material? So that's the a box where, and I'll show you, just so you can kind of get like a real feel maybe, like these are the boxes that aren't selected. Okay. How would that, cause I know that we talked through it on the audio and the visual, right? Like if this isn't this, it needs to be this in the recording of the, AI headset. Do we need more of that?

37:31 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
No, no. For that, we can separately have one more call. For now, we'll go with the successful flow. But I just wanted to understand how we are handling it. Now I'm able to understand that you people are updating whichever there is an issue or with respect to that issue, you have made a couple of sentences or a couple of phrases where you're updating back to HD.

37:53 - Ashley Salerno
or on the hd screen we are able to see it or we are writing a comment at the hd screen so that should be fine for me like I have to respond back to hd instead of taking the process ahead that should be fine for me for now yeah so typically for the users um so like if there's a discrepancy or something then that would mean like a human needs to review it to figure out what the issue is where and like kick it back because I don't think the automation is or chatter the rep in our system, will it?

38:26 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
If needed, maybe we can once, depending upon the endpoint that we have with the HD, we can try to mail as well.

38:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

38:37 - Ashley Salerno
So let's see. All right. So from this standpoint, you want me to enter this job the rest of the way through as if I were to get it today?

38:49 - Unidentified Speaker
And like what? Yesterday, you can continue from the yesterdays where we have stopped onwards. Okay.

38:56 - Unidentified Speaker
So I need to pull this up. Excuse me.

39:03 - Ashley Salerno
All right.

39:07 - Ashley Salerno
So we'll say, okay, I just pulled up my screen. I went from, let's I'm gonna go, okay. Ashley's Home Depot list. I would usually start from US.

39:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you start the recording?

39:28 - Ashley Salerno
It's been recording. Sorry, I couldn't.

39:32 - Unidentified Speaker
I did not see the symbols.

39:35 - Ashley Salerno
Is it in? It says it's in. It says it's taking notes. Do you see it on your side?

39:46 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I see. Yeah, I see.

39:50 - Ashley Salerno
okay so I I thought I seen it on my side um and those are helpful right yeah yeah okay I thought so I thought you would like it I thought I thought it would help a lot um okay so we'll start you know typically oldest to newest right but this one I'm looking for the one that I did, which is Peerless test. And if you can't tell, I'm also, this is why I am like, you guys, I can't do all the things. We have a lot of projects that are in here. So I'm gonna log, come in, I'm gonna go, okay, Ashley, Peerless, Peerless test. Okay, this is Ms. Salerno, this is Ms. Peerless. We're gonna go, okay, let's take a look here. First thing I'm going to look for is, do they have four photos in here? This one does not. It doesn't have a Plata survey, because if it did, I would select the Plata survey box. And then I'm going to go, all right, looks good so far. I need to go into Home Depot. So I'm going to click into the first quote, because there's only one. I'm going to grab the lead number. I'm going to copy it. I'm going to go inside of Home Depot. I'm going to look it up by lead number. I can look it up by a couple of different ways, but lead number is going to bring me to the direct one that created the consultation or the lead. All right, so I'm going to go to, we're going to pretend that these all say final. Excuse me. If this all said final, we would know that I can move forward with my information. So I'm going to look for what's the information that's on the contract. And I'm going to go inside of Salesforce as well. And I'm going to say, all right, now I'm going to verify the information that's in Salesforce. So I'm going to go to the opportunity and the account. So I'm going to go, okay, this says Ashley test. Well, I already have a discrepancy because of how the lead was created, and I've done this test object a million times. So on here, it says it's Ashley Peerless, Peerless test. But on the contracts, it says, Muckian test, Tom test. Well, I already have an issue here. But we're going to act like it says everything we needed it to say. But if those two didn't match, that would be inaccurate. So all right, West Roosevelt Road. Address matches looks great. So I'm going to go OK. Address matches here. I'm going to scroll down. All right. So permit by permit flow. Okay, that's checked. I'm going to check the boxes inside of my contract here momentarily. The address is accurate. The store number is accurate with what is on the contract. So it says store. And again, the referral store is the same. Everything's the same as the store here. Lead numbers same looks good. I'm going to, I'm going to also look here at the account because again, 1300 looks good. 815-375-4452 is the cell phone number. Okay, I have another discrepancy, but again, it's because of how we created the lead and I've done a million tests already. So it didn't get changed and I did when I went through and I took a further look all right now take down no Holloway so I'm going to go to the quote and I'm gonna go okay is there take down Holloway nope no take down no Holloway all right so I'm gonna go back to the contract no no extra for removal all right it's following Below elevate series black, elevate series four foot high, color is black. That's filled in, that's appropriate. The post caps filled in, the rail types filled in. The picket type, if it was wood, would need to be filled in, but because this is not wood, it does not need to be filled in. Post types filled in and it's standard. We have the number of gates, one five foot wide with a black MagnaLac. I'm going to cross reference and verify. I am so sorry.

44:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, one when you have showed right. Do we have any table for that? Can you just go back to the screen?

44:36 - Ashley Salerno
What do you mean?

44:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, are mentioning that if it's a wood will not require the pick type. Right, so for that we do we have any table specifically for us to understand if it's a wood type then we did not require this field like that.

44:53 - Ashley Salerno
If it said treated or cedar or copper wood in the material line, then we would know that it's wood.

45:06 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Okay, but do we have it in any excel sheet or something like that?

45:15 - Unidentified Speaker
No, but I can make one.

45:20 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Then in that case, because these materials will be keep on changing, right? It's not just constant to four, five or something, right? So we might need whichever would be the mandatory or the relationships, those kind of ones in Excel sheet.

45:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

45:40 - Ashley Salerno
I, well, I need to figure out how, because that's going to take up a lot of time.

45:48 - Unidentified Speaker
I think if you can give us the details, we can create one Excel sheet or somewhere. Basically, we want to externalize these out of the code, Ashley, so that if anything changing tomorrow, you can just update either Excel sheet or something else what we are going to I mean, I think it's anything that calls for a

46:17 - Ashley Salerno
A picket hold on a 2nd, like, Let me think. Bye bye. So I guess it'll say cedar. And then if you look at the quote line items, it says wood, like Peerless labor wood. And then like it has the picket. You cannot see my screen.

47:14 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

47:16 - Ashley Salerno
All right. Since if you see cedar you know it's wood and then like as an additional it says Peerless labor wood solid 619 like it says treated cedar and then it says um like the picket type one minute for me to understand this data is already available in salesforce is what you're trying to say yes okay it's not with respect to lead or something.

47:47 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a standard object within the Salesforce.

47:53 - Ashley Salerno
Can you mute for a second? And then Venkat, can you continue? I'm getting too much feedback. Thank you. I'm sorry. Can you say that again?

48:06 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
What I was trying to say is this: data is all available within the Salesforce. Like when you said it's a wood and correspondingly only these things should come with respect to the woods.

48:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, okay.

48:25 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Then if this data is already present for me, this object name should be Find Quote Line Item. And correspondingly, what was the other one? You do not create a table. Yeah, you do not create an Excel sheet.

48:40 - Ashley Salerno
Okay, that is gonna take much time. I can't do that. I can't, I can't.

48:46 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
You can just give me that code, code line. Okay, fine. I will.

48:52 - Unidentified Speaker
The problem with this is, is that there are like 80,000 SKUs of that and I won't be able to do that this week.

49:00 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
No, no, no. What I was trying to say was, since this data is already there within the Salesforce, we do not require an Excel sheet. We can look into the Salesforce using I there's too many there's way too many different types of it there's no way I just need that code line items right you just I just need that name but I will look into the recordings no issues.

49:31 - Ashley Salerno
If you need more on it you'll have to tell me exactly what you need and then like or like if I need to do it the way that you had asked where like for each copper The issue of it is, is there's like thousands of different versions in our system.

49:48 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
I understand. Since you have already told me that this data is already available at the salesforce, I will look into them. Okay.

50:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

50:01 - Ashley Salerno
However, if you click into any of these, when you click into them, just be very careful. You don't change anything.

50:07 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
any of the coding in it no no we will only make only get operation we will not do any post related operation okay my only concern is whatever the data that is there within the form should be exactly equal to the wordings or the name naming that is mentioned over here that's Picket type, it should be exactly the same.

50:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

50:37 - Ashley Salerno
Well, whichever the type, right? It should be exactly the same. Yeah.

50:41 - Ashley Salerno
I'm going to have to figure, I'm going to have to figure that out as well with our teams because not everybody's filling it in the same way. Yeah. This is where like, I, I didn't, I didn't know if I wanted to do something like this.

50:57 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Maybe once I see the couple of samples, right. Maybe that time I can be able to understand how can I handle it in the code base or by giving it to some LLM. I don't think we would be using an LLM, but I'll try to understand once we have a couple of samples, right?

51:18 - Ashley Salerno
Everyone would do everything they're supposed to do, which would make this job so much easier, but it's unfortunately it's not. So we'll get there. All right.

51:32 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
So in that case, there could be a possibility of spelling mistakes as well here, like post types. It's a standard. So there could be spelling mistakes.

51:42 - Ashley Salerno
I have, like, three sales people who can't spell pyramid. I've got there's a lot of there's a lot of miss miss spelling errors that occur. Okay. Okay okay that could happen anywhere within the doc yeah okay it's unfortunate um but it it happens all right so I'm verifying this information with what's in the quote line items so I'm going okay elevate black series elevate black three rail, no picket type, because there's no, it's not wood post type. We've got number of gates here, and then we've got the description of the gates, one fourth, one five foot wide, and with a black magma latch. So I'm going to take a quick glance, verified black magma latch. I'm going to go, okay. It's got a pyramid standard post cap. It's got corner lines, looks great. It's three rail, as it was stated in the rail type, type. So it looks good. Everything looks grand. I'm going to go back through. I'm going to take a further look into the next set. OK. Only one option. There's only one option that's selected. Following the flow also. It states it here inside of the details. Fence construction following the flow. Looks good. All right. So again, I'm going to go, OK, following the flow looks good. OK, option one, there's only one option selected, permit required, yes. Again, yes or no, not yes and no, it needs to be one or the other. Same thing with homeowner and service provider, one or the other. Like we discussed the other day, service provider is obtaining the permit, which means it would be us. So I'm going to go to the opportunity page. I'm going to scroll to who's getting the permit. It says permit flow, no discrepancy there. So I'm going to go to the project page. Okay, ready for permitting. It states that we are going to get it, so I need to select this box. I'm not going to do it because if I do it, then it'll notify my permitting department. I don't want to do that. All right, looks great. So now I'm going to go. This is the list price. They sold it for the list price, then they added some extra addition, demolition. All right, looks good. Say the customer signed with legible signatures. I'm going to save this. I'm going to save it as last name, first name, so it'll be last name. We'll just say Peerless. First name Ashley, even though that's not what it says on these contracts, but again, It's for the exercise.

54:51 - Unidentified Speaker
We are only able to see your.

54:55 - Ashley Salerno
I know.

54:55 - Ashley Salerno
I can't show you what I'm saving yet. It doesn't let me show my screen that far. OK. One second. All right. So say I have legible signatures. I'm going to download this property diagram. So legible signatures. I'm going to upload these. All right. So Peerless comma Ashley underscore contract A All right. Everything looks like it's here. We've got the legible signatures that are fake that aren't actually in here. But that's where I know 299A is compliant. I know that everything is compliant as far as the materials go. Go ahead.

56:00 - Unidentified Speaker
For the signature, do we use any specific online tool or something like that? And then you upload the document?

56:07 - Ashley Salerno
No, we don't have any. We manually do all of it. So like we are manually looking at the signature. Pages to see like their legible signatures.

56:16 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no.

56:18 - Ashley Salerno
I mean, for the customer to sign it, right. And correspondingly, you have somebody to sign the doc document, right? How do they sign it?

56:27 - Ashley Salerno
Virtually, like either in person with the rep or like, so for instance, say, cause it says it's a digital sign, it goes like this.

56:36 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
It is a digital signature and then they upload the doc, right? Once it is digitally signatured. Yeah.

56:42 - Ashley Salerno
So like if they're there with the sales rep, the sales rep presents a price on site, they sell it on site. They can just grab it and just wiggle it and shouldn't be doing that. They should be making a legible attempt because they have tablets. This is terrible because I'm doing it with a mouse. And that's how it would apply.

57:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Once it gets applied. Yep.

57:10 - Ashley Salerno
And then that's how they would look. And then the customer would need to do it every time. Okay.

57:15 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
By any chance, will there be a change in the status? Like earlier it was showing like a green color button or not being blue color button on the HD screen, right? Will it get changed?

57:26 - Ashley Salerno
It'll change after they sign. So like, so say they signed this entire document, I could, I get it save as final, but I'm not going to hit save as final. Otherwise it'll notify. Um, and that, then it'll show it's signed and then it'll be final. So like for instance, like it is, whoops, I'm over here, click happy.

57:45 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Over the status means to final.

57:49 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Show final.

57:51 - Ashley Salerno
Okay, okay.

57:53 - Ashley Salerno
And as you can see, there's a signature here. Okay, okay. Okay. So unfortunately, I do actually have a hard stop. I will, I can give, you through more tomorrow. I have my kids spring sings tonight, so I need to go to my girl spring sing.

58:15 - Unidentified Speaker
What else can I help you with?

58:19 - Ashley Salerno
Is there anything like, does this stop you from working through anything? No.

58:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

58:25 - Ashley Salerno
Thanks, Ashley. Thanks for your time. Absolutely.

58:27 - Unidentified Speaker
I will also send you the transcription from today.

58:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

58:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Yeah, thanks.

58:35 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm sorry?

58:35 - Conference Room (Venkat B) - Speaker 1
Yeah, thanks, Ashley.

58:38 - Ashley Salerno
Thank you. I appreciate you. You guys have a wonderful day. Bye.

58:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.

58:43 - Ashley Salerno
Thanks.