MRN <> Salesforce Integration [Hold]  - 2026/05/05 08:30 
PDT - Transcript 
Attendees 
Basil Rizwan, Caralina Wigfield, Jason Ng, Jeff Routledge 
Summary 
Key Topics 
● Current State of MRN's Salesforce Usage: MRN is a Group Purchasing Organization 
(GPO) for aesthetics (4,000+ practices/med spas) but currently uses Salesforce 
minimally—primarily as a digital phone book (around 5% utilization). The team faces 
issues with stale data, manual member onboarding (55-member backlog since 
November), and a lack of visibility into contract utilization and member purchasing 
patterns. 
● Integration Challenges: Systems are not connected, including two upcoming Shopify 
instances, leading to "spaghetti marketing" without behavioral segmentation. An SMTP 
issue is preventing automated welcome emails to new members. 
● Mulesoft Proposal: Mulesoft, Salesforce's connectivity platform, would sit in the middle 
of all systems (Salesforce, Shopify, WordPress/Gravity Forms, Mailchimp) to enable 
automation and integration. This would allow MRN to: 
○ Automate member onboarding and create a unified customer record. 
○ Process different data types (dynamic, structured, and unstructured reports) to 
accurately track member utilization. 
○ Target the top 10% high-utilizers and enable Jeff Routledge's goal of kicking out 
inactive members. 
● Financials: The ballpark annual cost for Mulesoft is $25,000 
Action Items 
● Jason Ng: Coordinate with Katie to provide Jeff Routledge with the online 
portal/information for quarterly billing payment. 
● Jason Ng (Gemini/Salesforce): Gather additional ROI-related information (e.g., 
average annual spend per member, loss opportunity cost) from Jeff Routledge. 
● Basil Rizwan/Gemini Team: Research and provide information on Salesforce marketing 
capabilities, limits, and financing for Caralina Wigfield, comparing it to Mailchimp. 

Next Steps 
● Follow-up Meeting: Schedule a follow-up call with partners to present a final pricing 
proposal and ROI readback. 
● Date/Time: Monday, May 11, 2026, 3:00–4:00 PM Eastern (12:00–1:00 PM Pacific). 
Transcript 
Basil Rizwan: Hi Jason. 
Jason Ng: Hey, Bosle. 
Jason Ng: Can you hear me? 
Basil Rizwan: Yes. Cool. 
Jason Ng: Okay, perfect. All right, I think they're here. So, let me let them in. you have the Lucid chart 
ready, Just to confirm. 
Basil Rizwan: I did. Yeah. 
Jason Ng:  
Jason Ng: Okay, cool. Thank you. All right. 
Jeff Routledge: just stop on it. 
Caralina Wigfield: just I think so too. 
Jeff Routledge: I can find out. 
Jason Ng: Hey,... 
Jeff Routledge: No. 
Jason Ng: Jeff. Thank God. 
Jeff Routledge: So, are we at the cusp of this? Because I looked at his box for WGO and I looked at the 
twopoint font and read the whole thing and it says nothing about 
Jason Ng: I think he was frozen for a sec there. Yeah, no worries. 
Caralina Wigfield: Muted him because it also sound like he was on a call. but I think he left the call maybe. 
I'm not sure. How are you guys doing today? 
Jason Ng: Okay, doing good. getting started here. 
Basil Rizwan: Okay. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: talk about. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, anything that decreases that slows down 
metabulation is going to have that effect. You're absolutely right. 
Caralina Wigfield: Hey, Jeff. 

Caralina Wigfield: Jeff. ... 
Caralina Wigfield: I think he muted himself. Okay. Yeah,... 
Jason Ng: How about yourself? 
Jason Ng: How's your week going off so far? 
Caralina Wigfield: It's been good. 
Caralina Wigfield: Slow start. I think I felt slow start this week. I feel like the weekend wasn't quite long 
enough for me. Yeah. Yeah. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Never quite is. 
Basil Rizwan: Always the case. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Yeah. We're dealing with some gloomy weather here in San Francisco. It's not very 
common that we have some rain,... 
Jason Ng: but yeah, it's what we're dealing with, but can't complain. 
Basil Rizwan: Grey May is... 
Basil Rizwan: what they call it. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Awesome. 
Jason Ng: I guess should we wait a second? We can kind of wait couple minutes and then No,... 
Caralina Wigfield: Is that okay? Sorry. 
Jason Ng: it's problem at all. It's here I don't know if you've ever seen the Salesforce Tower in San 
Francisco. It's the tallest building out here in the city. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah, my husband did a future offices conference with his conference company. 
Caralina Wigfield: This was quite a few years ago and... 
Jason Ng: Yeah, very cool. 
Caralina Wigfield: they did tours of sim the Salesforce tower one or two years in a row I think and yeah he 
said it was awesome. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, it is cool. some days you just don't know which day it is that the office just gets really 
packed with people. today is one of the days. I came in a bit earlier but still can't secure a room. So I'm in 
what we call a phone booth. So it's a little... 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah. 
Jason Ng: if you're claustrophobic it's not the best but I mean soundproof phone booths. 
Caralina Wigfield: Man. 

Jason Ng: So it's pretty funny. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah. Yeah. No. So, I used to be out in San Francisco a lot, once or... 
Caralina Wigfield: twice a year, and he would have conferences usually ... 
Jeff Routledge: Hello. 
Caralina Wigfield: "Hey, Jeff." He'd have conferences once or... 
Jason Ng: Hey Jeff. 
Caralina Wigfield: twice a year. so, I would kind of tag along. And my brother and sister-in-law at the time 
lived up in Davis. he was going to UC Davis and... 
Jason Ng: Mhm. Yeah. Okay. 
Caralina Wigfield: doing his PhD and then they moved to San Francisco sometime around COVID and then 
shortly after and now they're here in DC so I don't really have excuse to go out that way anymore unless I 
tag along on my husband's business trips. He's works at Western Digital. so they have an office down in 
San Jose as their kind of HQ for North America I guess. 
Caralina Wigfield: And so I'm actually going to be coming out with him in a couple weeks, the somewhere 
around there. So we'll be in San Jose for a few days and then I think it's called Fairfax or... 
Caralina Wigfield: something north of San Francisco. kind of like San Raphael sort of area. We're going to 
do an Airbnb up there for a few days. 
Jason Ng: Very nice. 
Jason Ng: Okay. ... 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah. yeah,... 
Jason Ng: if you guys have a second that week, I might I know be a tight week with work,... 
Jason Ng: but if you guys make it up the city, Katie and I will be happy to show you around the tower in 
San Yeah,... 
Caralina Wigfield: that'd be awesome. 
Jason Ng:  
Jason Ng: the top floor it's a great view. It's 360 views of the city. So it's just up here. 
Caralina Wigfield: That's really cool. 
Jeff Routledge: Are you talking about the Salesforce tower? 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 

00:05:00 
Jeff Routledge: that you cannot miss it. 
Jason Ng: Exactly. Yep. 
Jeff Routledge: One, it's big, and two, it's got a certain look to it. 
Jason Ng: The certain look is I know what you're talking about. 
Jeff Routledge: Good to meet you, 
Jason Ng: Everyone. Yeah. A little pointy. Yeah. very nice to meet you, Jeff. yeah, my name is Jason Ing. 
I'm joined alongside here Busel. So we are on the Mulesoft team here at Salesforce. automation and 
integration anything that deals with that. we're kind of the specialists that come in. we work alongside 
Katie which I'm sure you've worked with quite a bit. she's the main account owner and we're kind of like 
the specialists that work with her on the automation integration side. 
Jeff Routledge: Do you guys see Katie on a daily basis or... 
Jason Ng: So yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: are you guys all remote? 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Katie works in the same office. She's just a floor blow. 
Jeff Routledge: Can you tell her we like Cara signed on to... 
Jason Ng: So yeah,... 
Jeff Routledge: how we get bill? I need an online portal to go to so I can pay for this quarter. if you could 
tell her. I mean I mean as soon as I get it I'm gonna pay it in a nancond. I just don't know where to go to 
pay it. 
Jason Ng: okay. Yeah, gotcha. ... 
Jeff Routledge: Thank you so much. 
Jason Ng: yeah, no problem. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. Just tell her to shoot it my way and I'll get it done as soon as I see it. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, perfect. 
Jason Ng: Just the quarterly billing just up. 
Jeff Routledge: The quarterly billing. Yeah, they had annual and we always had it quarterly. We've been 
with you guys, I don't know, since 2016, I think, somewhere in 2016. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Mhm. 

Jeff Routledge: And it's always been quarterly. So, when we redid the contract or renewed it, it got 
renewed on an annual basis. I said, "No, can we just cut it up in quarters?" And Cara took care of that, but I 
need a place to go to pay it. 
Jason Ng: Gotcha. Yeah, I'll u Yeah,... 
Jeff Routledge: Thank you. 
Jason Ng: I'll get that figured out. 
Jeff Routledge:  
Jeff Routledge: Okay, that's great. Yeah. No. And we'll get it done in a really quick period of time. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Yeah, I appreciate that. so yeah, I know we haven't really officially met, 
so I know you're the founder CEO of MRN, so definitely want to hear a bit about your background and what 
inspired you to kind of,... 
Jeff Routledge: Sure. 
Jason Ng: ... 
Caralina Wigfield: Thank you. 
Jason Ng: get this company going. I'd love to always hear the information on that. 
Jeff Routledge: So I've been around in healthcare for over 30 years. I'm a dinosaur, not a fossil. so, I've 
done a bunch of startups and we took one of them public. and it happened to be still to this day the 
fastest healthcare company ever. we went from zero to six and a half billion in three years. We took it 
public in two years and 11 years after I left it eventually sold to CVS for around 25 billion. I think it was 24 
or 23 something like that. and then after that I did some other startups. 
Jeff Routledge: The first time that I ran a company where I said let's try Salesforce that was in 2000 and 
there wasn't very many I mean Salesforce I mean there wasn't a lot of CRM you had gold mine and I mean 
yeah I mean stuff that you got on disk and as soon as I saw Salesforce in 2000 and I don't even know if 
you had a thousand customers 
Jeff Routledge: I just took the chance and we started using it and then I used it in a couple of companies 
and then we ended up selling those companies off and I don't know what happened if they still used it. I 
know one company we had they changed to Zoho, after we sold it because Zoho had just come out. but 
we've been using you guys for this company for 10 years. 
Jason Ng: Mhm. 
Jeff Routledge: So this company, we're a group purchasing organization. We started out in Huntington 
Beach, California in 2008 and up until 2019 I think it was 2019 we were based out there and then we 
moved everything out here. and we have now over 4,000 practices in Med Spas. We're focused in 
aesthetics. So, we have plastic surgery practice facial plastic practices, dermatology groups. We have 
20% of the derm market. and we have med spas. 

Jeff Routledge: And so what we do is we go out and negotiate contracts with manufacturers and we say, 
"Hey, we have 15% of the market. You're selling this to physicians or med spas for $100 and we want our 
doctors to get it for $85. 
00:10:00 
Jason Ng: Yeah. All right. 
Jeff Routledge: And each time that happens, we get $5, something to that effect. And then we promote 
the heck out of the contract. And we want to get utilization because the more people that use these 
contracts that we negotiate, the more money we make. Unfortunately, and it's all my fault, we're basically 
using Salesforce as a digital phone book and we're not really having it work for us should. we have an 
issue where we've got a lot of stale data. When the p pandemic came, the aesthetic industry was 
considered non-essential health care. So, we got shut down for eight months, all the practices and 
everything. And it was about eight months and you saw a lot of consolidation, a lot of things go out of 
business. 
Jeff Routledge: So, we've got to find someone to go out and basically refresh our database, call these 
practices, find out if Susie Jones is the practice manager and Dr. Smith, if she's still the head physician or, 
whatever it is. Are you guys still at the same address and all that? We have a lot of practices that just don't 
utilize anything that we have. Maybe it's our fault that we don't get contracts that are attractive to them, 
but a good contract, you're going to get three to 500, maybe 600 practices to use it. That's considered 
really good. The best performing contract we had was with a pharma where we had a consistently 1,200 
practices and med spas utilize that. 
Jeff Routledge: It was a company that had based out of North Carolina, Merse. and they had two fillers 
and some other stuff. So we had about 1,200 which at the time was about a third of our members utilizing 
that contract. And then we've got another good contract and that's with our GLP1s and we've probably got 
four or 500 practices that consistently, buy stuff through that contract. So that's kind of how we work. And 
really what we need to do is we need to promote contracts, have a better way of promoting it, and then 
have a better way of understanding who' who are the ones that we can push a little bit more to get more 
what is their utilization pattern. 
Jeff Routledge: We need to establish 10% kind of like the sumakun ladi crowd that they're like the ones 
that we really have to pay attention to because they're high utilizers and we need to understand they're 
high utilizers of this but not that whatever. So, we're not really marketing. We're not using this, it's kind of 
like I used to before I had a medical event that affected my brain, I used to be a real whiz on Excel and 
everybody always used to comment how I could do models and I used to do lisceral equations. Nobody 
does that on Excel. I could do loit and projeed to be in research. 
Jeff Routledge: You can do all that on Excel. Most people use about 5 to 10% at best of Excel's capability. 
Jeff Routledge: I'm willing to bet it's very similar with Salesforce or maybe it's 20%. I don't know. We're in 
that 10% range. we're like 5%. Yeah. I'm probably over. 
Caralina Wigfield: We're probably in a 5% range to be honest. 
Caralina Wigfield: I feel like there's so much more that Salesforce can do that we don't even know about. 

Jeff Routledge: Yeah. I'm sure of it. I'm absolutely. So, I don't have a place to go look for utilization in 
Salesforce. 
Jason Ng: Mhm. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge:  
Jeff Routledge: I have a place to go find, is Dr. Jones is he a member of our network that's about it phone 
numbers and email addresses so we've got to beef that effort up and frankly we're getting ready to start I 
mean carara's going to have both feet in both companies we're going to start something new and we 
really need to be mindful we've got to dress med results up internally 
Jeff Routledge: I don't mean dress up to go sell. We've got to get these things going internally so we look 
like a real company and feel like a real company because the new company is going to be bringing more 
business to Med Results because we're going to be in a situation with the new company where we're 
attracting patients and having influence on providers. And when you have that those two things going 
on,... 
Jason Ng: Mhm. 
Jeff Routledge: you basically own the manufacturers. And so we can go to the manufacturers and say, " 
we're driving patients to get neurotoxin treatments in Orange County, 100,000 of them. That's $240 million 
a year. And we think these physicians should be able to get a discount. You need to go to Med Results 
Network, and cut a deal with them. All those physicians that are part of our network of the new company 
we make them sign up with Med Results. 
00:15:00 
Jeff Routledge: Med results will be more successful on it with new code being successful than it could on 
its own. It's not going to be successful if we keep running it the way we are, which is, basically we just 
don't have anything automated. It's like looking at a company from 1991 or something. I mean,... 
Jason Ng: Okay. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, that's very helpful and that's a perfect 
Jeff Routledge: Cara, is that accurate or... 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah, absolutely. 
Caralina Wigfield: I mean, it's No,... 
Jeff Routledge: was I exaggerating that too? 
Caralina Wigfield: no, no. that's what I've been telling them as well that there's so much more we could do 
with automation. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. Right. 
Caralina Wigfield: There's so much more data that we have. we get utilization reports and even just 
reports that have our fee on there so we know... 

Jason Ng: Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: which members are using which contracts and I said they're probably just sitting in your 
email on your desktop somewhere Jeff because we don't have anywhere to put that information right 
now. yeah,... 
Jeff Routledge: That's Yep. 
Caralina Wigfield: building that out so that our sales guys can go in and see what's being used. We can 
have it inform marketing. 
Caralina Wigfield: It's data that would be hugely helpful and we just don't have any way to 
Jeff Routledge: I mean, the biggest contribution I've made to this thing, and you guys can all laugh, was I 
demanded that all of our practices had lat long coordinates because for many years I used Arcview 
products, GIS, and... 
Jason Ng: Yep. 
Jeff Routledge: I know that it's great to depict data with geospatial concerns, but the analysis that you 
can do on a ge spatial basis with data is absolutely incredible. So my intent was the lat long coordinates 
wasn't just to show it all up on a map. It was really start to integrate other data to where we could start to 
look. So then we could go to a company and say Susie Jones is your drug rep in Phoenix and we're seeing 
in Phoenix based on this map that we have a lot of high utilization and then you do a thermatic map in the 
Phoenix area so you show what practices where she needs to spend her time to make it more efficient. 
That was my original intent with latl long coordinates and we just never got there. 
Jeff Routledge: But, you got to utilize all these other things before you even do that. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, absolutely. And let me share my screen. It's a perfect segue into kind of where we're 
wanting to get to here. So, thanks for sharing all that, Very helpful. that was kind of echoing a lot of what 
we were talking about. I've met with Cara twice already and then from what I understand exactly what you 
mentioned. this is kind of the first slide I had and it's pretty funny because you just echoed all of those 
thoughts there. you don't use Salesforce You don't use it a really database that it's made to be used, right? 
And that just starts with the connectivity issue. 
Caralina Wigfield: Mhm. 
Jason Ng: You guys are using a lot of different systems that are not connected. I know there's a couple 
Shopify instances that are there that's going to be activated here in a sec in a week or so I think when we 
last chatted. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. 
Jason Ng: So I think getting close to that launch date there. you guys are having gaps in marketing, you 
guys are having gaps in sales just because of that connectivity with your systems not being there 
connected to Salesforce. So yeah, pretty much you kind of nailed the hammer on that. So, it's kind of 
funny how that's what I had on my first slide and you just kind of wrapped it all up there. So, my job but 
yeah, kind of just to continue on wanted to echo... 

Jason Ng: what I understood from the business. And also just a quick agenda, we have about 45 minutes, 
so we have until the 15 mark I believe. So, is that for you guys? 
Jeff Routledge: That's Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. I'm on a tight schedule as well. 
Jason Ng: Okay. Amazing. 
Jason Ng: So, yeah, kind of the agenda here is to go through kind of what I understand. I'll have Bossil 
here, which I introduced earlier, kind of go through a more visual map of how it could look like with 
Mulesoft and... 
Jason Ng: then kind of run through some pricing ... 
Jeff Routledge: What... 
Jeff Routledge: what is Mulesoft? are you guys affiliated with Salesforce? Is it part of Salesforce? 
Jason Ng: it is part of Salesforce,... 
Jeff Routledge: Okay. Okay. 
Jason Ng: yeah, Salesforce is known for their sales and service CRM product that you guys are using, but 
we have a lot of different products that are recently launched in the past couple years from acquisitions 
or new products. So we're a separate product line that works with about Salesforce, but essentially we're 
the connectivity platform. So a lot of customers that we speak to deal with same things that you guys do. 
they're not utilizing Salesforce with the fullest potential because their systems aren't connected. 
00:20:00 
Jason Ng: And as you keep growing and scaling as a company, you're just going to add more and more 
applications. You're going to add more and more technology. And then it just becomes a big mess if 
nothing's connected. So that's the premise of why Mulesoft was created and part of Salesforce is to 
bridge the gap and bring things together. So yeah, just to kind of keep going here. we understand that 
member onboarding there's been a backlog because of that connectivity issue, to start off. Carara doesn't 
consistently she does... 
Jeff Routledge: Right. Okay. 
Jason Ng: but she doesn't prioritize uploading that member into Salesforce. it's time consuming. It's not 
her best use of time. So that's the first thing there that we're hearing right the utiliz 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: And one of the things that we have to do, we used to do this is very manual. We've got to 
start doing it is when someone signs up, they've got to get something back. We've got to have an 
automated system that says Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: That's yeah,... 

Caralina Wigfield: that's due to the SMTP issue right now between Gravity Forms and WordPress. it's not 
sending that automatic kickback email, but that should be getting fixed soon hopefully. Yep. 
Jeff Routledge: So, I mean, yeah, go ahead. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Yeah. 
Jason Ng: That's a big issue because the longer the speed to lead thing, Is the longer you wait, you're 
missing out on revenue. You're missing out on 
Jeff Routledge: Hang on for one second, guys. I gota I have to do this. Hey, I thought you were one of my 
doctors. I'm in the middle of a call. Okay. Yeah, you sure can. Yeah. Jeff medresultsnetwork.com. 
Jeff Routledge: Thank I got a bunch of procedures. I got all these doctors and endoscopy suites and 
everything calling me up. So, I thought it was one of those. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. No,... 
Jason Ng: you're a busy guy. 
Jeff Routledge: Sorry about that. Mhm. 
Jason Ng: No problem at all. So, yeah, just continuing on, the contract utilization. We kind of touched on 
that. You're not being able to see and have visibility into who's using what and who's buying what. So, you 
don't know who your top 10% of customers are, right? So, that's kind of hurting your revenue directly 
because you're not able to have that visibility and actually target with marketing and sales on who your 
top customers are. this one keeps sticking to me. Cara says, "We're throwing spaghetti on the wall and 
seeing what sticks." So, your marketing is kind of spaghetti marketing, right? There's no behavioral 
segmentation. your campaigns are demographic only and there's no behavioral data and segmentation. 
Jason Ng: So that's kind of a big issue as moving on into the sales side right you guys have two Shopify 
instances launching and... 
Jason Ng: those are both currently not connected to Salesforce. So, yeah, the purchases won't be linked 
to your member accounts. Once again, it goes back to the same issue. it's a full circle motion here of not 
Jeff Routledge: To your point like... 
Jeff Routledge: if I said we've got to create a new field in Salesforce for everybody who's legit script 
certified. That's part of one of our Shopify things. We would have to manually create that and that you do 
that anyway, but manually go back in and it's all post postcertification. You don't click the box that says 
that they got certified instead of when they get certified. 
Jeff Routledge: It automatically finds them in our database and says yes, they're legit script certified. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. So yes,... 
Jason Ng: the automation we could enable that. A lot of times integration enables automation. So having 
that integration, you can then enable your automation and then it can kind of just build onto that in 
Salesforce. So that's something that we can dive deeper into as well. So, kind of just moving on, you 
mentioned it, Jeff, your business earns fees based on what members actually purchase, So, once you can 

identify who your top customers are, you can identify where to target for contract utilization. and then as a 
result, you get fees back on top of that for your revenue. and efficiency, right? Your CARA is manually 
entering and onboarding members. There's been a member backlog of 55 since November. 
Jason Ng: And that's just another marketing gap and you're not able to target them in a timely manner as 
well. and then lastly, with the two Shopify sites, having more of that vendor data and having it connected, 
you're able to actually have more visibility into who your customers are and what they're buying. And just 
kind of a thought as well, just to throw out there, maybe not for immediate need, but for a future need, 
thinking about phase two or three, if you guys are using Google Analytics, Facebook ads, things of that 
nature, having those automated campaigns spinning up targeted ads. Maybe someone's looking you you 
guys are having a high spike in San Jose, California, you guys can then have an uptake in marketing in San 
Jose, run campaigns for San Jose specifically. That can all be connected and done through Mulesoft. 
00:25:00 
Jason Ng: Just something that could be for phase two or phase three. 
Jason Ng: Just as a thought as I was kind of making this deck, just wanted to bring that up. and this is a 
question that I do want to ask you, Jeff. So, if you're able to have and have that visibility into your 4,000 
practices and what they're actively purchasing, which ones signed up, which ones actually ever bought 
anything, what would that enable for your team? Yeah. Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, that'd be huge. 
Jeff Routledge: Frankly, if I have folks that haven't bought in years, I want to kick them out. I don't 
necessarily want to be the biggest GPO out there, I want to have high utition. Utilization Membership size 
is great. but if you've got a third of your members that never ever use it, then they don't need to be a 
member. Just get them out. 
Jason Ng: Mhm. Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: It's kind of part of that backlog that you mentioned,... 
Caralina Wigfield: Jason, of new members because we're sending emails out through talks to the website. 
the emails are coming in like the members get moved over to Mailchimp. They're just not in Salesforce. 
Jason Ng: Mhm. 
Caralina Wigfield: And it's more recently that we've had this sales team going through stuff, but for me it's 
not been a priority because we're able to still email them. 
Caralina Wigfield: So they don't have to be in Salesforce to be able to get our communications. And a lot 
of times we're pulling the email who is engaged with the emails, clicks or opens or whatever and sending 
that to the sales guys so they have that sort of fresh lead list to go through of warm leads essentially. 
Jason Ng: Okay. 
Caralina Wigfield: So yeah, being able to tie all of that together would be great, but as Jeff said, our 
prioritization is more on utilization, not on growing the network. So like that adding the new practices into 
Salesforce piece has just felt not as important as everything else that we do. Yes. 

Jason Ng: More of a secondary thing. just where you guys are seeing things. Good and then before we go 
here, I kind of want to pass it over to Bosel. We can kind of do the readback. Bosel, you want to go ahead 
and share your screen here? Yeah. 
Basil Rizwan: Thanks, Carolina, Jeff, nice to meet you for the first time here. I'm a solutions engineer here 
at Mulesoft. I work hand in hand with Jason. more of his technical counterpart, so I can nerd out all over 
the technology. so yeah, all the Excel sheets and all the derivatives and all that you were talking about 
were definitely something that I got some interest out of. just a little background about myself... 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah. 
Basil Rizwan: though I used to work as an IT engineer and before that I actually used to work as a 
developer. 
Jeff Routledge: That's not a good memory for us. 
Basil Rizwan: So I'm very familiar with WordPress and Woo Commerce and Gravity Forums and all that. it 
brings back great memories. the SMTP issue that you mentioned just recently something it's a good 
memory for me because I'm past that but I do remember the issues it caused whether it was emails not 
going out or it was payments failing. 
Basil Rizwan: I ran into that as well and I think everyone in business or even developers have the story of 
the time everything magnificently failed and it just like the lesson hurt. 
Jeff Routledge:  
Basil Rizwan: So there was one night I remember I had made this website for a nonprofit and the 
payments just magically started failing on the night of their annual banquet. you can imagine how fun that 
was. Yeah. But anyways, just I'll get into sort of the screen share here and we can keep it conversational. I 
did keep it very high level here on what MUSO can do and how it can help you. So what Muoft does is it 
lives in the sort of center of your digital environments. 
Basil Rizwan: what you can do is connect all of your different systems and then you can make action of 
those applications together to get the results you want. So when we talk about for example Salesforce 
not being utilized enough or as it should be I say that in quotes because it's so customizable and 
everyone kind of shapes it to their own u best use case and it evolves over time as well. but we have other 
complexities as well. I understand we have an existing Shopify environment and we want to create 
another one. We have members that we want to engage or engage or better engage. and so really a lot of 
what we do here at Mulesoft is not only just integrating these platforms together but also helping you 
make sense of that data so you can better action it as well. 
00:30:00 
Basil Rizwan: And part of that is within the whole Muleoft ecosystem of being able to not only keep an 
automated eye on the data that's coming in, but also automatically take actions as well. And so when we 
look at the different systems that came up WordPress or Gravity Forms, we have pipeline medical and list 
of all sorts of other vendors as well. We have Shopify, we have Salesforce and Mailchimp for example as 
well. What Muoft does is it actually sits in the middle. So when you have let's say a new potential member 

come in my understanding is via gravity forms they can get some automations whether it's via email 
whether it's some other sort of messaging as well and that's all powered by Muoft. 
Basil Rizwan: you can create sort of a customer an onboarding journey if you will for that potential new 
member. And in the same way if you have let's say members who have not purchased in the last 3 months 
how I'm not sure what your cadence there is but you can set that logic and you can actually set it up for 
different variables as well. So, if this customer is a once a year buyer and you want to try to make them 
twice a year buyer, you can set up one flow for them. but if someone is buying on a monthly or a weekly 
basis as well and they miss a month or they skip a month, you can send in that checkpoint automatically 
as well. And the way all this works is for those existing members at least, we're again taking data from 
Shopify itself if they're ordering online themselves or if let's say they have an invoice that's paid outside of 
Shopify. 
Basil Rizwan: Maybe they sent you a check or some other payment method. That information is still 
logged whether it's by your sales folks within Salesforce itself or maybe it's through one of these other 
vendors sorry, it probably wouldn't be your vendors. I assume you're ordering from those vendors. So, 
when that information is updated, let's say payment is confirmed as well, assuming you take payment 
before delivery. you are also able to automatically have that order be placed through your different 
suppliers and then be sent to the correct folks as well. And so all that customer journey can be automated 
step by step. We even have folks who integrate for example the tracking order. So maybe it's one of your 
vendors that provides that tracking shipment ID. 
Basil Rizwan: we can automatically place that within Salesforce and we can also notify the customer of 
that shipment number expected delivery dates and any other information that they're looking for. 
Basil Rizwan: I've kind of gone through all over the place on this web here. I want to pause Any questions 
or thoughts on this? So we totally and... 
Jeff Routledge: So with this we can take in dynamic as well as static data and... 
Jeff Routledge: if we get a monthly report from vendor X that here's the purchase list you had 15 
practices or 20 practices we would feed it in there it's going to find those practices in store that have 
bought X amount this month of that. 
Basil Rizwan: there's multiple ways we can bring that information in and it really depends on the platform. 
Basil Rizwan: So the best way that we prefer is via API connections. you can tap directly into the system 
and that information flows directly from their to your source of truth. But if that's not possible, let's say 
they send it via PDF invoice, we are still able to read that we have a product within Muleoft called 
intelligent document processing. And so I can read through say PDFs or Excel sheets to get the 
information and then properly sort it out within Salesforce. So let's say it's a combined list on multiple 
customers or... 
Basil Rizwan: members that you have, we can sort that data out before it's placed into that record in 
Salesforce. 
Jeff Routledge: Okay. 
Basil Rizwan: So dynamic data, structured data and unstructured data as well. 

Jeff Routledge: Yeah, that's good. 
Basil Rizwan: So this is sort of an overview of ... 
00:35:00 
Basil Rizwan: what you can do in terms of the customerf facing opportunities and this is just based off of 
our current understanding obviously as you continue to grow. again that secondary Shopify store you can 
have it talk to the same workflows without having to rebuild them as well. in this way where in this for 
diagram for example I have just these sort of flows to these different applications... 
Jeff Routledge: Okay. 
Basil Rizwan: if you want to add a second one it's really as simple as just pointing it into Muleoft and then 
it can use the existing workflows you've created you're not having to redo all the work that you've already 
done and in the same way if you come up with a different alternative for any vendor let's say you want to 
make changes 
Basil Rizwan: to the forms plugin you're using or WordPress. I know it's unlikely. but if that is the case at 
any point in time, it's very easy to rip and replace because just adding a new platform and pointing it in 
here,... 
Jeff Routledge: Good. 
Basil Rizwan: you would just be able to replace any one of the given ones and have it continue using the 
data and sending data from that platform as similar to how it was with the platform that you are 
replacing. and then what one other thing that I wanted to mention as well is just because we see this 
often enough folks often will start with either a customerf facing integrations and automation solution 
kind of how we're diagramming here but then they'll also utilize the same platform for other automations 
or even internal automations as well. 
Basil Rizwan: So when we look at maybe you're using tools like QuickBooks or Netswuite folks do sort of 
that accounting and ledgers and that sort of the internal back office processes and automate that using 
Muoft as well. 
Basil Rizwan: So this is what I had to show for now. if there's no other questions then I'll turn it back. 
Jeff Routledge: No, it's good. 
Jeff Routledge: It's good. No. Yeah. 
Basil Rizwan: One other point I did want to mention I zoomed out a little bit and so I missed the point that 
you made about the COVID taking a lot of businesses offline or putting on pause that was very real. I 
know a lot of business owners here as well u and that non-essential tag hurt a lot of them and destroyed 
a lot of businesses unfortunately as so one glad you're still around. 
Basil Rizwan: But two when it comes to engaging with those contacts that's something that Muoft does 
really well also is we are able to create sort of that unified customer record. so let's say someone who is 
always purchasing through Shopify or they have some sort of member record in one of your platforms. if 
that gets updated, we can add that new record or update the existing record within Salesforce itself. 

Basil Rizwan: So we're always keeping based on the information we're getting through purchase orders, 
contact forms and so on and so forth, we're always able to keep an eye on the latest best point of contact 
is, their phone numbers, emails, whatever information we can get off. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, that's our biggest dilemma right now. 
Basil Rizwan: Totally. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: And the other thing too the one thing that we've got to do going forward is no emails that 
get submitted to us in a practice should be info at or... 
Jeff Routledge: any of those types of emails because if we're sending stuff out to that address we have a 
better chance of being marked for spam things of that nature. So, we've got to recreate some of the rules 
with our members on just general emailing protocol. 
Basil Rizwan: Totally. Yeah. 
Basil Rizwan: And that's a great point. So this sort of cleanup work to your point doesn't need to come 
with a lot of manual outreach either. 
Basil Rizwan: U I imagine right now are you using Mailchimp to send out those blasts or how are you 
engaging with those members to update that email? Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, we had our own platform and the company that set us up went out of business and 
they held a lot of key license and... 
Jeff Routledge: the thing just in fact we don't even know if the guy's alive. yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: Literally we just overnight stopped hearing from him. 
Caralina Wigfield: Emails elivered. couldn't contact him by phone, email, through his website, nothing. So 
we have no idea what happened to him. But a lot of stuff for the website and everything for this new email 
system that he had basically built from scratch for us was all under his company paying bills and... 
00:40:00 
Caralina Wigfield: stuff for it and they just stopped paying the bills. 
Jeff Routledge: Yes. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: To her point. So a lot of the stuff he built the light he would build it for other companies as 
well and he would do the annual license. So when he wasn't doing so we tracked down every company 
that had license. 
Basil Rizwan: Yeah. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: We said we can pay for it and they said we can't do it that way. It's like you got to be 
kidding me. So, we went back to Mailchimp, which is off the shelf. It wasn't customizable. There's a lot of 
really cool things that he and Cara built into that system that we kind of miss now. But, we have 
Mailchimp. It works. It's not ideal, but it w the other thing we had. But, it is what it is. 

Basil Rizwan: What was in that custom system that you kind of miss lack now in Mailchimp? 
Caralina Wigfield: One thing that I really liked about it,... 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, I like that. 
Caralina Wigfield: we had lists. So, our full database basically could get uploaded to each of the lists for 
the vendors. So, I'm sending out an email from a vendor and unsubscribing from one vendor doesn't 
unsubscribe you from our whole network. So, just because in one thing doesn't mean they're not 
interested in everything. and we have not been able to make that same thing happen with Mailchimp. 
Basil Rizwan: I'm just for a second here, I'm going to take off my Mulesoft hat and put on my previous 
developer hat. one way to accomplish that is within Mailchimp, you are able to create sort of segments 
and groups and lists as well. So I'm not sure how you split it up before but you're actually able to recreate 
that within Mailchimp itself. and you can have those targeted segments sent out. 
Basil Rizwan: So maybe that's by product or by some sort of group. but just wanted to throw out that it is 
definitely possible. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: You can go that way. 
Jeff Routledge: Okay, that's interesting. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah, I have it set up right now. 
Caralina Wigfield: We have different audiences. So, our weight management program has one, new 
members have the regular full database. and then this one vendor we worked with that was also kind of a 
weight loss thing. but that we hit our max number of lists and we have some odd vendors. So, we I guess 
it's audiences and we couldn't make a new audience for every group that we had for every vendor we 
have. The segments for the most part were using that as demographic data. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. Heat. 
Caralina Wigfield: Where the practice is located or... 
Basil Rizwan: Got it. 
Caralina Wigfield: the type of practice, whether they're a med spa, that sort of thing. 
Caralina Wigfield: So it's more about the demographics rather than behavioral because we just don't have 
a way for all of that information to go into Mailchimp right now. 
Basil Rizwan: So when I'm not sure what the limits there are. funny enough I never hit it. I thought I would. 
but kudos to you for being able to find that limit. I'm not sure if you can pay for more limits on Mailchimp 
and that sort of stuff, but sure. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah, I think we can. I just haven't cuz it's not something that we'd have to have so 
many of them. the financial side just didn't make sense. 

Basil Rizwan: I know on our side we do have that capability within Salesforce as well. I don't know if 
you've had those conversations with our core team before. and if that makes sense compared to 
Mailchimp 
Basil Rizwan: what the limits are and what the financing is, but maybe we can make a note of that and get 
you some information if you're interested. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yeah, that would be great. 
Basil Rizwan: Yeah,... 
Caralina Wigfield: So, just to kind of I guess an overarching question, Mulesoft is more of like a I don't 
know... 
Jeff Routledge: It's like a middleware. 
Basil Rizwan: I can Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: since all of the systems versus we can't do marketing through Muoft. That's a separate 
piece of Salesforce. Okay. 
Basil Rizwan: So yeah, Mulesoft would help you with sort of the integration and automation of it. So it 
enables better marketing but it won't do the marketing for you itself. And Mulesoft does not hold any data 
either. we are just a processor in the middle. So we make sure that the actions that you've set up and the 
workflows that you want automated are one you're able to create within mulesoft but two you're also able 
to make sure that they're working. So for example, just a very small example here, the Gravity Forms 
SMPT SMTP issue that you're mentioning, that's something that if it was going through Mulesoft, you 
would be able to be notified the first time that email did not work out. instead of waiting for someone to 
say, hey, I didn't get such and such email. Or maybe,... 
00:45:00 
Basil Rizwan: you went through some logs to find out yourself, why aren't people responding to our 
emails? Instead of having to do all that,... 
Basil Rizwan: Mulesoft lets you know right then and there the first instance. something fails. And it's not 
just Gravity Forms,... 
Jeff Routledge: ... 
Basil Rizwan: it's also all the other systems we talked about that that would be your third party vendors, 
that be Shopify, etc. Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: Okay. Yeah,... 
Jeff Routledge: we're,... 
Caralina Wigfield: I think that's like 
Jeff Routledge: yeah, Jason, we're running up to the So,... 

Jason Ng: Yeah, I think yeah,... 
Jason Ng: we're on Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge:  
Jeff Routledge: how much is all Yes. 
Jason Ng: So, we do need a partner on this. Partner is going to be involved for a onetime implementation 
fee as well. So, in terms of our end, this is going to be ballpark. I do want to kind of get some more ROI 
numbers to you. So, I did have some questions for me to kind of build that. but it just ballpark you're 
looking at maybe 25,000 annually. 
Jason Ng: And if you wanted to keep it quarterly, If you want to go monthly, you can as well. but that 
would be just a ballpark range. the partner would be kind of a separate cost as well. But, yeah, I did. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: How much do you know... 
Jeff Routledge: what the partner because that's on the implementation the integration right? 
Jason Ng: So, it's a onetime setup. and then once you get it set up, you're pretty much going to be good to 
go. 
Jeff Routledge: What do you think that would be? 
Jason Ng: I would Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: Ballpark. Okay. 
Jason Ng: ballpark maybe 10 to 15,000. Yeah. And then same, you could kind of split it off with the 
payments there. So, I did want to So, If this all still sounds good on the next call, I would like to have the 
partners on the call and then kind of go through a final pricing proposal and then ROI readback as well 
kind of just to wrap it. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah. ROI reback will be I mean whatever information you need from us between now... 
Jason Ng: Yep. Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: then ask for it. Let's see. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, if you have a second, can I just have four fields I just want to ask you here. Four. your 
average transaction dollar amount. 
Jeff Routledge: Okay. ... 
Jason Ng: You have 4,000 members. what do you think that average transaction amount per member is? 
Jeff Routledge: that's a trick question because there's a transaction amount and then there's a fee that we 
make off of it. some things that we sell directly, that transaction amount is critical, then we have a 
profitability off of that because we're dealing with contracts. there might be a $1,000 transaction that 
we're making 50 bucks on, but they may buy 10,000 a month, so that's 500. So, we're making 6,000 a year 
off that member. 

Jeff Routledge: So, that's what it could be. It's very little what we make. We don't make a lot. I don't know... 
Jason Ng: Okay,... 
Jeff Routledge: if that answers your question, but I mean we just got this contract that we have not really 
made a lot of traction, but once we do, we'll be making anywhere from three to five or three to $700 a 
month off the member just in fees. it's a credit card processing vendor. 
Jason Ng: would you say you guys look more annually like how much they spend annually? That would be 
probably a better guess or metric to kind of judge how much you're getting from each member versus a 
monthly number. 
Jason Ng: So maybe annually you're... 
Jason Ng: if you're getting three to 700, if you go mid-range there, it' be about a month. 500 annually 
annualized would be 6,000 for Okay,... 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, I'd have to figure that out. 
Jeff Routledge: You know what mean because it's so vastly different per contract. I guess probably what 
you want is an average, right? Okay. 
Jason Ng: Yeah, a mid number. so okay, another question. 4,000 members. How many would you say are 
active? Because you did mention that not 
Jeff Routledge:  
Jeff Routledge: It all depends on the contract. I mean, like I said, with that MS contract, it was consistently 
around 1,200 that were purchasing and they were purchasing at least one purchase per quarter. and then 
on the GLP one, that's consistently I t know I think we've had four or 500 sign up for it, but I think we really 
have 80 to maybe 200 users maybe. 
Jeff Routledge: It's probably in that 80 to 120. there's not a lot of utilization. I mean, we got to get it up. 
Jason Ng: Okay. 
Jason Ng: Got and then your historical growth maybe 10% ually. And then this might be another trick 
question, but what do you think you like with customers that have been abandoned, customers that you 
lost out on, what do you think the loss opportunity cost there might be? 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, it's probably in that 5% to 10%. 
00:50:00 
Jeff Routledge: Have no idea. 
Jason Ng: Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: The thing with ours is we may have a customer,... 
Caralina Wigfield: We also get med spas that are going through certification 

Jeff Routledge: we may have a member that they sign up because we partner with a device company 
and... 
Jason Ng: Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: they can get that deal and then they're not interested in using their membership for 
anything other than that one-time sale. whereas we have others that are purchasing consumables like 
GLP ones and things of that nature. 
Caralina Wigfield: a nurse practitioner is going through their certification to become an injector nurse and 
they sign up for the network because they're kicking off their med spa just getting everything started and 
they want to see what kind of savings they can achieve. 
Caralina Wigfield: So sometimes the savings is more on a med surge supply basis Jeff said a laser to get 
started with or something like that rather than the ongoing opportunities from payment processing or 
JLP1 products or whatever it be. They might be more of like a setup. so we see them at the beginning of 
their practice starting up and then not really much after that. 
Jason Ng: Bye-bye. Okay,... 
Jason Ng: got it. And then is it ultimately a percentage base that you guys get and it varies per Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: pretty. Yeah,... 
Jeff Routledge: pretty much. Yeah. And There's a huge variation on certain things that are involved in 
reimburseable medicine, we have to follow safe harbor guidelines and you're kind of capped at 3%. 
Whereas there's other things that we're getting,% off. GOP1's on average we're getting about eight or 
nine%. Okay. 
Jason Ng: Okay, got it. Okay, perfect. yeah, that's great. 
Jason Ng: If I have any additional ones, I can just shoot an email. But we can do that read back and then 
the final pricing proposal with the partners would maybe Thursday Friday. I think Bosel is going to be out 
of office here for onsite Wednesday and... 
Basil Rizwan: Yeah. All right. 
Jason Ng: Thursday, right? this week,... 
Jeff Routledge: You talking about next week? 
Jeff Routledge: This week. you guys are all West Coast,... 
Jason Ng: Friday perhaps. correct. Yeah. Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: I would have to do it. I vailability. I'm an East Coaster. I have availability for and then This 
is all Eastern Daylight Time zone. I have availability from 8 in the morning which that doesn't work for 8 in 
the morning to 12:00 p.m. That so I've got openings all that period. So from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. So 
that is 5 9 in the morning to you for you guys. 
Jeff Routledge: Can you do a nine o'clocker? 

Jason Ng: Yes, Bosel. Is that open for your schedule? 
Basil Rizwan: I will likely be out just because of the customer onsites from Wednesday to Friday this 
week. 
Jeff Routledge: All right. Let's look at next week then. what does Monday look like for you? Okay. ... 
Basil Rizwan: Monday's good. Yeah, I think. 
Jason Ng: Yeah. Yeah. 
Jeff Routledge: I've got a free schedule from 12:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern time zone. So, that's 9 to 2. 
Jason Ng: Not it's you. 
Basil Rizwan: Yeah. Yeah. 
Caralina Wigfield: Can we do after 100 p.m. 
Caralina Wigfield: Eastern? I have some airport ones... 
Jeff Routledge: It works for me if it works for you guys. 
Caralina Wigfield: because my family's in town for the weekend. So, yeah. 
Basil Rizwan: That's awesome. How about 3 to 4 pm? Does that work for you, Jason? Yes. 
Jason Ng: Nice. 
Jason Ng: 3 to 4:00 p.m. Eastern. Yeah,... 
Basil Rizwan: Eastern. So, that would be 12 to 1 hour time. 
Jason Ng: that could work. Yeah. Okay,... 
Jeff Routledge: Okay. 
Jeff Routledge: Yeah, that works. 
Basil Rizwan: Awesome. 
Jeff Routledge: Does that work for you, Cara? Okay. 
Caralina Wigfield: Yep, that's great. 
Caralina Wigfield: Thank you guys so much. 
Jason Ng: perfect. Thank you so much for the time. I know we went a bit over, so we'll chat next Monday. 
Jeff Routledge: All right. 
Jeff Routledge: Thank Thanks a lot. 
Caralina Wigfield: Awesome. Thanks guys. 

Jeff Routledge: I really appreciate it. 
Jason Ng: Thank you. 
Jason Ng: right. 
Caralina Wigfield: You next week. 
Jason Ng: right. you. Bye. 
Meeting ended after 00:54:34  
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text 
after it was created.